[[27]]
THE BESTIES NOTES

-   What the dog doin?
    
-   On god graffiti all over the place
    
-   We are all currently in the last room before the roof of the tower. We see before [[Varian]], [[January]] but also BIG AHHHH MASSIVE ENORMOUS RED TUBE. IT IS BEATING LIKE A HEART… [[January]] has his dirk strider sunglasses, also slowly turning around, tears running down his face. There is an awful amount of cryptic spraypaint. Including ghastly depictions of [[January]] killing all of us OH NAW HE HAS TWOOOO CULT DAGGERS (dont get hit)
    
-   “ITS NOT FAIR THAT STUPID OPERATOR THAT STUPID FORTNITE SKIN EVERYTIME I THINK SOMEONE IS GOING TO HELP I GET SCREWED OVER”
    
-   “[[JANUARY]]…” [[Varian]] comes forth
    
-   [[January]] choked up, calling out for ma
    
-   HEART OF SCOOOORRRNNN
    
-   [[Giddyan]] looking around, dont see anyone but dont feel alone. The vault feels alive and so angry. The Heart Of [[Scorn]].
    
-   [[Lemm]] and [[maggie]] look at the big jar. Mutter to eachother.. The heart.. It looks like its built into the building. Considering everything in the tower and Idleshyre is being powered by a similar colored glow… hmmm….
    
-   Inside the thing is like. They cant see it really but its holding something its like spinning like liqiuidt.
    
-   Feel drawn to the vault. Venn always to to not come here. Never thought Venn would see his BROTHER???? IN THIS MACHINE???? AYO??? SEBASTIAN IS GAHSTLY SICK AND DROWNING HES BANGING ON THE GLASS TRYING TO GEGT OUT BEGGING FOR MERCY BEGGING FOR HIS BROTHER
    
-   [[JANUARY]] NOTICING US. HES SHAKING “WHAT ARE THEY DOING HERE WHY ARE THEY HERE
    
-   ”[[January]] we miss you” - [[Maggie]]
    
-   [[JANUARY]] GETTING CONFRONTATIONAL
    
-   “We aint here to kill our boss”
    
-   HES CRYING AND MANIACAL LAUGHING AFTER EVERYTHING WE DIDNT DO
    
-   You ABANDONED ME
    
-   You ABANDONED US TOO
    
-   MA HOW CAN YOU HANG OUT WITH THESE POEPLE INSTEADD OF ME. I THOUGHT WE WERE BEST FRIENDS…
    
-   I THGOUTHT THE GODSEEKRES OR WHATEVER I THOUGHT THEY WERE GOING TO HELP CAUSE THATS WHAT THEY PROMISED. NO ONE CAN GET ANYTHIGN DONE ROUND HERE ISNT THAT SOMETHING NO ONE CARES, NO ONE CARES NO ONE WANTS TO HELP I HAVE TO DO EVERYTHING ON MY OWN. I CANT DO THIS.
    
-   I DIDNT WANT YOU TO GET INVOLVED [[JANUARY]]
    
-   SHADDUP
    

  

??????

  

-   AND JSUT USE HI,M. EVEN IF I GOTTA CARVE EZEKIEL OUT OF YOU ILL DO IT. AND YOU’RE ALL GOING TO HELP ME RIGHT?
    
-   WHYS SEBASTIEN IN HERE [[JANUARY]]
    
-   HEEHEEAAAUUUGHHHH WHAT DO YOU MEAAAAAAAAAAAAN YOURE PART OF THIS
    
-   How aethered in aether. My boy is drowning, all shenanigans going. in and out of machine
    
-   OAWHOGAERHAOH ITS ALL I HAVE
    
-   Ok combat time
    
-   Ok combat over
    
-   All [[varian]] wanted was to find a home
    
-   AYO WHAT ABOUT TAKING [[Venneer|VENEERS]] FACE???
    
-   “I was there when mountains were born and oceans were ???? I was there when [[gods]] ???? and their wisdom was cast like sunlight i was there when mankind was capable of legend”
    
-   [[Estinien]] has 1 trillion wires and tubes
    
-   Out of the night that covers me, Black as the pit of the voids pole, I thank whatever [[Gods]] may be for my unconquerable soul. In the fell clutch of circumstance, I have not winced, not cried aloud. Under the bludgeonings of chance, my head is bloody, but unbowed. Beyond this place of wrath, and tears, looms that the horror of the calamity. And that the menace of the years finds and shant find me... unafraid. It matters not how straight the gate, how charged with punishments and scroll... I am the master of my fate... I AM the champion of -my soul... And so are you."
    
-   “You only follow him because he got to you first” “he… IT plagued your mind. Numbed your senses of everything thats good for you..” 
    
-   “Its so desperate to preserve the past.. Vessel… how long are you going to keep pointing these people in the wrong direction? Do you think ???? them you're sparing yourself from letting them take up your past?? You’re only delaying the inevitable
    
-   “Some things are better left undiscovered”
    
-   LONG FUCKING MAN
    
-   LABYRINTH OF WINDS? 
    
-   “You know what I noticed? You're quiet when fighting for your lives. Be silent, ruthless, ZAKIEL, killers like the true VILLIANS you are”
    
-   Sunspider figh tin 4k
    
-   [[Varian]] n [[estinien]] spitting fire @ eachother
    
-   WE ARE ALL FALLING
    
-   ZEPHYR OPENS UP AND SUMMONS A BIG SAND PIT
    
-   These GOONS fighting mid air
    
-   Aw shit we fall in
    
-   Everything went black oh NO [[MAGGIE]] LEFT JUST AS SOMETHING IMPORTANT FOR HER
    
-   Omg [[lemm]] suffering time instead
    
-   [[Lemm]] feels hot sand underneath. Scortching hot sand. Ouch ow ow ow he tries to get up and look and [[0.- Besties|bestie]] check where yall at. All his vision is blocked by [[Giants|giant]] parchment lmao. He reads it WANTED POSTER ABYSSAL DEMON 1 million gp if slain. [[Lemm]] looks around and sees endless miles of crumbled structures all burnt and shattered and rusted to nothing.HUGE Sandstorm and mounds before him but not enough for the mounds to be all of them. [[Maggie]] isnt here to notice. [[Lemm]] sees the rock of gravity detection on the ground. [[Lemm]] picks up gravity detection and it is VERY heavy.
    
-   [[Lemm]] trying to get closer to the mounds. It burns and its so hot. He falls before one of the mounds. It’s [[Giddyan]]. Knocked out SNOOOOOOOOOORE
    
-   [[GIDDYAN]] WAKE UP!!! HHRNGNN…. five minutes… NO
    
-   Zamn no life for MILES.
    
-   Where are we IDK
    
-   Zephyr buried in the sand behind us.
    
-   Ayo its your book
    
-   Big worm page lmao
    
-   What have you done??
    
-   EVERYONE IS DEAD YOU ARE GOIN GTO DIE
    
-   Thank you voice in my head
    
-   I KILLED EVERYONE yes probably i will deal with that later 
    
-   YOU WILL KILL HIM he is eating the sand. YOU ARE ALONE