---
tags: Notes/Courtney
---
## Brunch Summary

-
a beautiful fall day in [[Willowfey]]. [[Venneer| Venne]] has been attuned to the feyhouse so it doesn't eat him alive. no one is downstairs, like an airbnb he helps himself to some granola for breakfast. 
-
the back door swings open, and right behind him are four disheveled, scorched, squished, with a strange faceless dog with 8 limbs trying to get inside. 
-
[[Lemm]] has to stop drop and roll cause he's still on fire. 
-
[[Moondog]] is having some difficulty getting inside, [[Varian]] is squished against the side of the door trying to help [[Moondog]] along. a window on the other side of the house crunches and he can stick his head inside to eat breakfast.
-
[[Clarissa| Clari]] goes to freshen up before breakfast and the tub is half full, [[Melon]] chilling inside with a little towel on their head ([[Melon]] THE CAPYBARA)
-
they used the Aether Garrison to fight [[Gods|god]]. [[Venneer|Venne]] is baffled they took their Aether Garrison to fight [[Gods|god]] and didn't wake them up.
-
[[Maggie]] goes upstairs, snuggles with [[Soup]] and goes to bed after [[Soup]] gives gentle kisses.
-
there's dodgy shit in the basement. don't go there. 
-
[[Maggie]], [[Lemm]] and [[Giddyan| Giddy]] broke into a shop the day before. [[Clarissa| Clari]] is v upset they've done this. 
-
they should decide what they're going to tell [[Gillian|Gillian]] after the last time they saw him. they'll mention who the [[gods]] were and the lore they've found. 
-
the party will show [[Venneer|Venne]] around, go for a pint, then head over to [[Gillian| Gillian's]].
-
[[Clarissa| Clari]] wants to try and remove the mask from [[Walnut]], needs a small amount of damage to be inflicted upon him. [[Maggie]], seeing [[Clarissa| Clari]] struggling, offers to do it in case something goes wrong then [[Clarissa| Clari]] can blame her. [[walnut]] is brought out from her hair, he's very still behind the mask. 
-
[[Maggie]] uses the corner of a dagger to try and wedge it under the mask. Nothing disastrous happens immediately but a sigil forms on the centre of the mask, like a nullifier. the rune isn't familiar to [[Giddyan| Giddy]]. Using a different tool, they try again but the rune pops up again. 
-
[[Venneer| Venne]] offers to inflict the damage that needs to be done. The tiny little [[Godseekers]] mask has three crystals of Aether in a familiar aspect: red, flame-aspected aether specifically found in [[Idyleshire]]. [[Daniel]] also worked with Sir Mr [[Cannon Jonesy|Jonesy F Canon]] who started the research [[Venneer| V]] worked on. he doesn't remember the [[Gods|god]] connected to the crystal but it's very commonly found in [[Idyleshire]]. Pretty preferred to be used. 
-
[[Venneer| Venne]] tries to get one of their little firebugs to inflict tiny damage on [[Walnut]] but it doesn't work so they brain him with an allenkey. 
-
It works, the mask is crushed but [[Walnut]] is also crushed. [[Clarissa]] cure wounds him and he pops up at full health and he starts crying when he sees [[Clarissa| Clari]], crying her name. [[Venneer| Venne]] panics about the crying little spider and rushes over to hand it back to [[Clarissa| Clari]] before shying back off looking like the most awkward bean ever. 
-
[[Walnut]] tries to talk through their tears but they're too weepy. [[Clarissa|Clari]] calm emotions him and is able to make out what he's saying: everything's gone wrong and they changed it and they hurt me, he couldn't save him and he tried so hard. he pulls out the golden rosary [[Clarissa| Clari]] gave to [[Estinien]]. 
-
perhaps they'll have a drink before they go into town to calm the nerves after that. 
-
[[Venneer]], [[Lemm]], [[Varian]] and [[Maggie]] are having mocktails while [[Clarissa]] and [[Giddyan|Giddy]] have something a bit stronger. Entering the Emerald Dragon Tavern, quite a bit has changed since they were last here. [[Brewster]] and [[Gale]], mostly just [[Gale]] these days, is tending to the Tavern currently amidst the countless number of spiders that have infested this entire building in [[Willowfey]]. she's talking to a very familiar [[Elezen|dravanian]] - [[Cas|Castrium]], he actually seems to be dressed up to travel back into [[Dravania]]. next to him is [[Phel|Phelaris]] his younger sister. [[Cas|Castrium]] and [[Gale]] are having quite the argument. [[Lemm]] can overhear them, [[Cas|Castrium]] is arguing with her over him wanting [[Gale]] to look out for [[Phel|Felaris]] while he's away. She can't take in yet another child to keep out of trouble. [[Phel]] butts in, she doesn't need a babysitter. [[Cas|Castrium]] eventually says he knows she doesn't, she needs a family. 
-
[[Clarissa|Clari]] goes over to ask why [[Cas|Castrium]] is all dressed up. he's holding a letter in his hand with a [[Dravania]]n seal stamped onto it holding a long ribbon with draconic inscriptions. he's been called back into duty, he'd be more fine with it if he knew what to do will [[Phel]] and the others here. while the Holy See has been away the Cathedral of Scholars appointed a new [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Commander]], so they needed [[Dragoon]]. he's not met who it is yet, but knows that it's definitely not going to be the same. [[Tiefling]] with more draconic features. He waves to [[Venneer]] the new guy and [[Venneer|Venne]] gives the most awkward little wave back. 
-
[[Phel]] is getting grumpy that he seems to think she needs a babysitter. the average edgy sixteen year old, sure she can take care of herself. [[Clarissa|Clari]] offers for [[Phel]] to stay at the Feyhouse, she's sure it can grow another room - not like a babysitter more like a room mate. she literally ate the [[archbishop]], she's definitely more qualified to go off to war with [[Cas|Castrium]]. 
-
[[Cas|Castrium]] thanks them, is jealous they get to travel so much, but says if they find themselves in [[Dravania]] they can get another drink. [[Clarissa|Clari]] is very suss why the new [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Commander]] has an [[Idyleshire| Idyleshirian]] name. 
-
[[Venneer|Venne]] orders two smoke bombs, and the butterscotch pudding (+3 dex save)
-
[[Giddyan|Giddy]] gets up to go sing karaoke. 
-
five lives, all have to roll on performance. 
-
Baby one more time
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk!
What’s the best way to carve wood? Whittle by whittle.
-
We're kicked out of the tavern for our terrible performances. They drag [[Venneer]] to the trinket shop. Cloth's Armory - no longer an armoury and they dont know who Cloth is. A totally open shop that looks like it's just been robbed - [[Clarissa]] side-eyes [[Giddyan|Giddy]] and [[Maggie]] for their crimes. 
-
Grandmew nor Emi are present but Bongo is there in his owlbear form. [[Clarissa|Clari]] asks if either of the others are around, Bongo stands on the desk and motions towards the ground and the carnage, someone tried to steal their trinket bag. 
-
[[Clarissa|Clari's]] looking for a specific trinket, doesn't know if they can do that or not. Bongo holds out the bag for a rummage. [[Clarissa|Clari]] pulls out an opalescent conch shell and blows into the shell like it's a horn. she hears evil laughing released from it. 
-
[[Lemm]] grabs two from the bag - a wax candle engraved with waves. there's a little button on the bottom in Sylvanan 'press here'. it emits a screaming sound in a 10ft radius. the second is a little wooden mouse figurine with a wind up key on top. when wound it begins to walk. 
-
[[Giddyan]] - a bonsai magnifying glass that doesn't reveal anything different but other people can see things very small. the second, a boiled egg with two naked [[human]] legs that jumps up and starts running round. he puts it on his shoulder and it sits cross legged there, very pleased. 
-
[[Venneer|V]] - a little chess piece of the beloved [[Joxter|Cheese Wizard]] figure that looks up at him and snickers about having a new form. [[Venneer|V]] shoves a screw in the base and turns it into an earring. second - something very soft and squishy, its a furby of [[Maggie]]. one eye blinks slower than the other. it looks monstrous. [[Venneer|Venne]] looks down at it and thinks maybe they understand the whole pet thing now. 
-
[[Venneer|Venne]] has been in jail two and a half times, the half time [[Daniel]] got them off the hook before they were physically locked up. 
-
[[Maggie]] has been in jail twice, she says they can share the podium and holds a hand to shake. [[Venneer]], while holding the handshake, tugs one of the bangles on his wrist over to [[Maggie]]'s wrist. [[Maggie]] is delighted and jinglejangles it while playing her horrific deathly moaning flute. 
-
they all get another trinket:
[[clarissa]] got a 4k gold plated patrick starr necklace. 
[[Giddyan]] - 4k gold plated easter island head. 
[[Lemm]] - a shortsword made entirely out of a pumpkin muffin that does actual damage. 
[[Maggie]] - a smoking pipe shaped like an ant that walks around with a little face. it's about the size of a foot long sandwich. its a bong. 
[[Venneer|Venne]] - another furby super hideous but also somehow attractive, Chad chiselled jaw long flowing hair. [[Hercules|Hercules Wonderbread]], the sexiest orc in [[halune]]. 
-
Finally head to the F.A.C, a grand beautiful entrance to a museum. another door is bustling with various [[Elezen]] and [[fey]] cheering and celebrating that they were able to pilot the Aether Garrison and subdue [[Ortus]]. [[Gillian]] is their boss, leaning against one of the tables, drinking a coffee. 
-
Pippin has returned, with a lampshade still on his head. 
-
[[Gillian]], an Eastern [[Elezen]] with wavy hair, dark skin, glasses made of bonsai branches, a scruff built up on his chin from not leaving his office for a few days, in his mid-40s. pulls them aside into his office, keeping an eye on the weird new guy. the furniture is all lovely and made of living bonsai etc. 
-
He sighs. do they know how long its been since they delivered a [[5.- Artifacts|Relic]] to him. almost four months, probably longer considering their time spent in the [[Feywild]]s. and the moment they get something they take it back, fight a [[Gods|god]] and nearly destroy [[Willowfey]]. 
-
[[Maggie]] puts a hand up and asks if they're getting a statue. 
-
He says [[Venneer|Venne]] is one of [[Daniel|Daniel's]] lot. this dude has been analyzing him so closely since the moment he opened his mouth. [[Venneer|V]] is VERY suss about how he knows that. the party have been keeping him quite informed with [[Daniel|The Developers]] goings on, he sent them to [[York|Old York]] to find out [[Daniel|Daniel's]] plans. He doesn't know much of [[Daniel|The Developer]] other than the Aether Garrison they're keeping in the garage. its safer in [[Willowfey]] than it ever would be in [[Idyleshire]]. 
-
[[Venneer|Venne]] asks who he is to make that decision. 
-
[[Clarissa|Clari]] says she has a [[5.- Artifacts|relic]] for him, trying to cool the tension to no avail. 
-
[[Venneer|Venne]] and [[Gillian| Gillian]] call a truce to work together. After [[Gillian| Gillian]] questions his suitability given his associations with [[Daniel| The Developer]] and the [[Godseekers]], is he really on the right side of this. [[Venneer|Venne]] recalls from ye old whatsapp, that the [[Godseekers]], and [[Daniel]]'s team, were going to drag him back kicking and screaming. [[Venneer|Venne]] needs allies, he's not in a position to turn help away and the [[0.- Besties|besties]] have helped him out so he supposes that he can trust [[Gillian| Gillian]] for now (while he looks for a way to help [[Daniel| Daniel]]). Primary goal is finding [[5.- Artifacts|relics]], the [[Godseekers]] have been right on their tail trying to destroy things. they're trying to find a way to combat against the Calamity which he's sure [[Venneer]] has had his fair share of exposure to. [[Venneer|Venne]] looks blank, he doesn't actually know anything at all about the calamity. 
-
[[Clarissa|Clari]] is baffled at this revelation. 
-
[[Venneer|Venne]] asks what there is to be aware of. they tell him whole places have disappeared, people are dead. he says thats not possible, he'd know. [[Daniel| Daniel]] would have told him. He's confused and upset that someone he considered extremely close to him didn't tell him something like this. 
-
they change topic as [[Venneer]] is looking v uncomfy with this line of questions. 
-
They offer to show [[Venneer]] the museum of things they've achieved. 
-
[[Willowfey]] doesn't have roads they have gondolas. [[Venneer|Venne]] is way more comfy in sky ships rather than water ships so they're holding on far too tight to the sides. [[Venneer|Venne]] can't swim. 
-
[[Maggie]] and [[Giddyan]] jump in to the fresh water, it's lovely, there's rainbow fish swimming about. picking up a fish is swears at [[maggie]] as it dives into the water. 
-
Behind them a whole swarm of rubber ducks is pouring down the river. the party doesn't notice. 
-
[[Clarissa|Clari]] opens up to [[Venneer|Venne]], there's a lot they've done and a lot they're very unsure of what to share and not share. 
-
[[Venneer|Venne]] knew that they were going to be employed by the [[godseekers]], he didn't see them as what the [[0.- Besties|besties]] do, he saw it as a company but still owning their patents and their stuff. it was never about ending the world. 
-
the [[0.- Besties|besties]] goals: try and stop the calamity, save as many people as possible, and do as little damage as possible. bring back the seasons to stop the calamity. they're trying to bring back the seasons, convince the season archfey to return. 
-
[[5.- Artifacts|relics]] are little special items like the ring with crystals within them that holds the [[gods]] to the material plane. keeping the [[5.- Artifacts|relics]] safe keeps them tied to the material plan, and the [[Godseekers]] are trying to destroy the items for their crystals. 
-
the scroll [[Clarissa]] was given by [[Estinien]] was very different. it had a hologram of the position of every [[5.- Artifacts|relic]] in [[Halune]]. opening the scroll can call [[Godseekers]] though so she's been very hesitant to bring it up. 
-
[[Walnut]] draws a few sigils on the parchment on the table, they begin to glow and after a while they begin to hear very strange noises. a hologram bursts from the parchment, a catalogue that [[Walnut]] flips through all sorts of [[5.- Artifacts|relic]] they've encountered in the past and ones they haven't encountered yet. there's a bunch of info written in the strange [[godseekers]] language. [[loom of balance]], book of lovers, chariots wheel etc things the party have already taken care of.  [[the lantern]]: a lantern with a centre in a diamond shape in the centre of the screen. no text for it, just the image with barely a title. it seems like it's v sought after. 
-
[[Venneer|Venne]] never got this deep with [[Godseekers|Godseeker]] stuff, but the chariot's wheel does sound a little familiar. could have sworn that one reminds him of [[Cannon Jonesy|Cannon Jonesy]] and [[Daniel|Daniel]], and when he first started learning about Aether tech, they worked a lot with that flame aspected crystal that would power a lot of the machines they had. 
-
[[Walnut]] trundles over to the shards of the mask that has the same crystal as what was on the chariot.
-
[[Lemm]]'s eyes widen and he dashes off for his bag. 
-
[[Walnut]] says we never had this before, this is new. it's kind of scary, makes everyone get very mad. 
-
in his room [[Lemm]] rummages through his bag trying to see if [[The Lantern]] is inside. luckily, he's able to find it amongst the chaos of his belongings. he doesn't get the chance to take it out just yet. a voice speaks. the door to his room closes and disappears. all around him, it's nothing but pitch blackness, beneath his feet is nothing but sand. the voice says [[Lemm]] has questions, lets see where his loyalties lie. (his [[warlock]] patron)
-
[[Lemm]] officially accepts his [[warlock]] pact, and after the with his patron, comes back down with the bag and gets everyone to swear they wont get mad at him. 
-
[[Walnut]] brings up that lantern diagram just as [[Varian]] walks into the house. He's looking very hard at [[Lemm]] and the bag as he pulls out [[the lantern]]. [[Varian]]'s eye widens. During their first job it fell off a cart and he thought it looked pretty so he snatched it up and forgot about it in his bag during all the chaos since. 
-
[[Varian]] without a heartbeat passing, lunges at him full claws out to snatch [[the lantern]]. after fight chase, [[Varian]] is held down by [[Giddyan]], and demands to know how they got [[the lantern]] it's not supposed to be here how is it here. 
-
Cue manic chase through [[Willowfey]] ending in the F.A.C where they crash inside and momentarily get [[Varian]] held down while they deal with the situation. 
-
Pippin, shocked they have a [[5.- Artifacts|relic]] and the carnage they've brought into the building with rabid [[varian]] grabs [[the lantern]] and pelts off with [[Venneer| Venne]] to find [[Gillian|Gillian]], yelling that they need to open [[the lantern]], sort this out. 
-
[[Gillian]] takes it over to a machine in the corner of the room, the same machine they were supposed to put the ring in to split it. panicking, [[Clarissa|Clari]] casts entangle on the machine to jam it, [[Gillian]] panics at [[Clarissa|Clari's]] move and cranks the energy up and there's a flash of light as [[Varian]] yells NO as an explosion of light. 
-
we find ourselves no longer in the lab. in fact, it's beautiful, windchimes off in the distance, drapery flowing off the sides of mountains. [[Varian]] is still pinned by [[Giddyan]], we're all standing around. We're surrounded by different figures dressed in different helms, firecrackers bursting in the sky, a whole play going on, people indulging in food and playing instruments they've never seen in languages they don't understand. It's very old looking here, a life carved of stone and sky, one with the earth rather than building upon it. [[Clarissa]] and [[maggie]] are able to see  on the stage there's a beautiful dance being performed by masked performers that resemble the sun and grand animals, a king with a crown of a four pointed star with a gem at the centre, lots of triangle motifs. one of the stage people in the midst of their laughter, takes off their helm and beneath is a [[Kyros]] with long white hair, on the stage beside them is another [[Kyros]] with short white hair, and on their shoulders a tiny [[Kyros]] with short ears in robes of a deep red as they laugh holding up wrapped foodstuffs as they watch the stage. the performance seems to be telling a story of [[spirits]]. 
-
[[Venneer]] and [[Giddyan]] see [[Varian]] has gone still. tears well up in his eye as he looks upon the [[Kyros]] on stage. the story looks familiar to [[Clarissa]], the four point helmet is familiar. the rendition [[Clarissa]] saw in the theatre wasn't nearly as perfect as it is here. the story goes on, a massive figure of light made of illusion of little soul lights cast by the [[Kyros]] on the stage, taking the form of a massive rounded bird silhouette (actually a manta ray) that circles the sky, and all the [[Kyros]] follow as this bird grants flame to the earth and trails the stars in the sky. six other smaller figures oversee the realm, helping grow the civilization. both the ancient beings walking on two legs and the constellation creatures worship a flame, migrating the fire to the very top of the mountain a little ways off protected by a beautiful stone figure. it's at this point the light and peace are at it's strongest. the one with the pointed mask with a prism at it's centre, the actor shows extravagant moves of exploring a forbidden forest with a masked ancestor accompanying them. the ones that aren't the four pointed star look more like animal [[spirits]]. the [[spirits]] attach stones to their helms and it makes them godly, powerful, but the technology of the stones absorbs far too much fire, and the creatures of the stars start to fall to the earth and start to destroy what these ancestors created. 
-
the four pointed helm figure is then crowned, with almost no understanding of what a hierarchy is. the king with a point to the horizon orders one of the [[spirits]] to build fortresses and weaponry in defense against the stars attacking again. they built an arch trap that would absorb the constellation creatures power and distribute it to the stones, driving the ancestors power. The [[Spirits|spirit]] creatures tear down the arch, an explosion wiping out the light as darkness consumed the land in an equally calming era of peace as it was in the beginning where it was consumed by light showing that the light can blind as easily as dark conceals, light and dark just are, there is no good and evil to them. 
-
as it draws to a close applause erupt through the crowd and the tiny [[Kyros]] on their parents shoulders kick their legs and wave their trinkets and are having a wonderful time. 
-
we see [[the lantern]] projecting this entire scene, [[Clarissa]] approaches and attempts to dispel it. she reaches for it, trying to find the source of its energy. she sees stars dotting the prismatic surface, and she slowly closes her hands around the light of [[the lantern]], covering it entirely. it goes quiet, and we're all met with darkness. 
-
we all wake up on the floor of the lab, things are blasted to pieces against the walls. [[Gillian]] and Pippin are frustrated with the machine thinking it didn't do anything. 

