---
tags: Notes/Courtney
---
## Brunch Summary

-
the party trudges back to Feyhouse, it's wee hours of the morning we're definitely going to regret not getting a good napnap when we have to head out to [[Dravania]]  in the morning. We've had some time to collect ourselves after the whole ordeal in the kitchen. 
-
The weight of what just happened finally settles, especially on [[Varian]] . he's clutching the kitchen table, taking a deep breath. 
-
[[Giddyan]] decides he's giving up on sleep and goes to make tea and hot chocolate etc. [[Varian]]  got the house a keurig which contrasts so extremely with the natural [[fey]]-esque setting of the house. He hands cups out to everyone and plops down on the floor. 
-
[[Clarissa]]  dips out to go and find [[Varian]]'s cape that was thrown off in the lounge drama. He mutters quiet thank you as he take it. 
-
They're part of [[Dravania]]'s Holy See, they're part of the government which is currently going toe to toe with [[Idyleshire]] and a lot of infighting. [[Venneer]] has heard of the [[Idyleshire]] invasion of [[Dravania]], he's heard talk from the High Houses trickling down to [[Daniel]]. Before everything went down, he had the favour of [[Idyleshire]]'s council eyeing up his adventures and keeping him on the back-burner. through the grapevine, [[Idyleshire]]  is trying to rebuild their allies in [[Dravania]] after they were attacked by a [[Ravan]]|ruthless [[Gods|god]] that descended and almost wiped them out. Fortunately, the [[Gods|god]] was stopped somehow, but other than that they're not super into politics he's glad their country can help aid these poor people in these dire times, progress should be shared. 
-
[[Venneer]] asks if they had anything to do with the [[Gods|god]] thing there. they did indeed. There's a lot going on with [[Dravania]], they dont know their own history and how influenced it was. the [[Archbishop]], the Holy See, the entire basis of what [[Dravania]] would become was from [[Idyleshire]]. they were draining the corpse of [[Ravan]] to feed his blood to the people. [[Giddyan]]|[[Giddyan|Giddy]] drank some of the blood. 
-
To the common [[Idyleshire]]|Idyleshirian the Soul Crystals are baffling, big wtf are those vibes, but to [[Venneer|Venne]] andDaniel the Soul Crystals as a great power source. [[Venneer|Venne]] is confused why they interfered when that power can help people, what's a few years to a [[Gods|god]] really when faced with the sheer number of people that could be saved with that power. 
-
[[Estinien]] ([[Zion]]) mentioned [[gods]] are made manifest from their followers. Perhaps [[Venneer|Venne]] has a point, if one ignores the fact the [[gods]] have feelings.
-
[[Giddyan]] was trapped for a couple hours before they freed him, he agrees with not liking things to be trapped. 
-
its a lovely autumn morning, the sun is officially up. Should they just head right out to [[Dravania]]  since they're not going to get any sleep. they could take [[Crunch]] the [[Giants|giant]] dog or the sloppy jalopy. probably not the ship, probably a bit too extra, don't want to give [[Levi]] a scare, he said seeing the Aether on it is like seeing something powered by his tears. If they take [[Crunch]] they might see the [[Giants]] and that would be a sweet little reunion. 
-
[[Crunch]] sticks his head through one of the walls in Feyhouse, he's panting away happily. He's so happy [[Giddyan]] is here. He remembers he's not supposed to be inside and goes out through the front door. the house is so done with us all, that they toss us out the house. 
-
[[Varian]] might need some time to process what happened, may stay in [[Willowfey]]. [[Lemm]] goes to ask just in case he wants to come with. He's exactly where they left him. 'aren't you tired of this charade' he pulls on the cape, grabs his staff and stands. the house is getting impatient, it wants to rebuild all the stuff [[Crunch]] destroyed. [[Varian]]'s begrudgingly coming: 'when you tire of this, i'll be here to take the reigns'.
-
[[Venneer|Venne]] tried to ride a horse one time, nearly got kicked in the face and fell off like four times so they swore off horses since then, airships only, so this [[Giants|giant]] fuckin dog is....intimidating as fuck. 
-
[[Varian]]  reaches out a hand to help [[Venneer|Venne]] up onto [[Crunch]]. he notices as he takes his hand, he has very sharp claws. he's pulled up onto a cart that's been made into a little gazebo on [[Crunch]]'s back. 
-
[[Clarissa|Clari]] lets her mum and sisters that they'll be back, the house exploded cause the dog got in. there should be a young girl popping by, Felaris, to stay as a guest in Feyhouse. she wants to be a little bit independent, she may be a bit young but she's not a child. [[Clarissa|Clari]]'s mum says young ladies need raising, she's handled multiple daughters, this will go fine. [[Clarissa|Clari]]  warns her [[Phel]] has a little attitude so be....warned. They'll work it out of her. OOP. 
-
there's a little event going on in [[Dravania]] so they may want to pick a specific route. [[Giddyan]] in the drivers seat forgets this and just barrels through into [[Dravania]] towards [[New Dravania]]. They scamper through Oxtail right into [[Dravania]]. It's around 6am as they travel through the slightly chillier planes of [[Dravania]]. the grass begins to settle into something less wild, the very tip of the Cathedral on the horizon in a sea of clouds. 
-
[[Crunch]] barrels into the city, dodging civilians. a lot of nobles feel safer about going out in this district. there are two districts in [[New Dravania]] artisan and noble district, wrapping around and leading up to a mighty cathedral overlooking a sea of clouds in [[the highlands]]. from where they travelled didn't get to see a lot of the ruins of [[Old Dravania]] . A lot of these people look like [[Elezen]] with horns and tails, almost like [[Maggie]], in different colours. Artisans dressed similarly to [[Venneer|Venne]], he had aspirations of coming to [[Dravania]] when they were younger. There's others who look more noble in furs etc. this place has seen better days, a lot of scaffolding over buildings. there's progress being made but people certainly need some help. 
-
just about to enter the noble district, they clamber off [[Crunch]]. [[Crunch]] squeezes his head into a stall between two horses, unable to fully fit inside. [[Venneer|Venne]] did not cope with the ride well, was supremely motionsick, takes a moment to steady themselves. 
-
[[Clarissa|Clari]] hands 10gil to the stableboy, his jaw drops to the ground. 
-
in this district there was a statue of Ryu|Sir Ryu, it has crumbled over. [[Giddyan]] notices this, and [[Clarissa|Clari]]  thinks there's no way someone could swing a punch and crash this thing to pieces but it sure does look like someone did. She has ideas, it was very intentional destruction, it wasn't anyone remotely their size, someone  m u c h  bigger. 
-
they're going to meet [[Levi]], aka Ravanthe [[Gods|god]] of the land having to be the ruler of his people. He might think, if they introduce [[Venneer|Venne]] as a [[0.- Besties|Bestie]], they might want to be part of the Holy See as well. 
-
[[Varian]] has wrapped up in a scarf, covering around his head, where a mouth should be. to a typical passerby he would look like a freakishly tall drow. [[Clarissa|Clari]] asks if he wants to be in the room with [[Levi]]. he says that's fine. 
-
[[Maggie]] tumbles out of a suitcase and is caught up on the situation. they're here to see [[Levi]] and the new [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Commander]] and show [[Venneer]] around since they've never been here. 
-
the Goldsmith's Shop is still being repaired but dripped out as he is he notices the group and greets them warmly. we're walking down one of the noble districts, this is the guy with the beautiful pants. [[Venneer|Venne]] asks him where he got them enthusiastically. His shop is closed but when it opens we'll be the first he lets know, is there [[Venneer|Venne]] would like commissioned. He takes a slip of paper and signs the bottom, handing it to [[Venneer]]. it's a sheet of different jewellery and designs and concepts, can draw down different ideas, he'll do a commission for free everyone here is pitching in it's not so much every man for themselves now. 
-
They haven't heard much from the new government, they've been quite quiet in the cathedral, almost like they're not there. Everyone's been helping fellow neighbours, things would go much smoother if it wasn't for those [[Giants]] . 
-
When they come back from the Cathedral, [[Venneer|Venne]] can work on something custom with him and they'll work up something excellent for them and maybe even their unfashionable friends. 
-
[[Venneer]] realises they're not PART of the government they ARE the whole government. 
-
Up the massive flight of stairs to the cathedral, there's extremely ornate, spiralling towers. we notice there are a lot more knights at their post now, in full clad [[dragon]] hunting armour. they're letting the group pass without question. they dont see [[Cas|Castrium]] just yet. Lem knocks at the big intricate door and it creaks open, two little eyes peeking through before it closes then opens all the way. Three [[Dravania]] n nuns welcome their return, pulling them inside. 
-
entering the cathedral, it starts with a massive hallway that spilts into two wings, a deep lush maroon carpet running through the halls, artwork plentiful, stained glass, statues of what they assume to be [[Elezen|Dravanian]] saints lining the walls, light pouring in beautifully. In the very centre of the cathedral is a gigantic door covered in mechanisms and tech [[Venneer]]|[[Venneer|Venne]] is very well versed in. it's currently locked. 
-
[[Clarissa|Clari]] knocks. it doesn't open but garners attention of one of the guards standing post. they don't say anything but look her way. she asks them to open up for him. the heart is for Holy See only, he can't let anyone in without their permission. Lem pulls out their Holy See amulets. the same symbol is on the centre of the door, and holding up the amulet the mechanism unlocks and with a burst of steam the door opens into what used to be a very beautiful looking throne room. they see banners and paintings. the place is bustling with scholars and nuns, because [[Levi]] is here. the throne has been covered by a big tarp, and [[Levi]] is across the big round table in the centre next to a very tall older looking man and talking. they look like they've just finished something very important. 
-
[[Clarissa|Clari]] greets [[Levi]], [[Ravan]]. [[Levi]] puts the paper down he was holding and looks over at them, excited they're back already. [[Maggie]] asks if they caught them in the middle of something, if they need to wait outside for a bit. He says no no of course not you're my Holy See. he asks if they've secured any elements so far. 
-
[[Clarissa|Clari]] says yes, he really helped with what to do with [[Ring of Judgement]]|the ring, it's been split. they have the [[Ring of Judgement]]|Light Aspect now. He says [[Kwoh]]|Judgement can be difficult. Who's their new friend. This is [[Venneer]], they are a part of the [[0.- Besties|Besties]] now. they're very nice. [[Levi]] says oh so they'll take the place for the other dude in the Holy See ([[Robert]]'s). [[Levi]] Looks like a mortal, has a certain ethereal energy to him. Did they bring the vessel with them [[Varian]]. the dude sounds about 16/17. a little young to be ruling a country. 
-
the [[0.- Besties|Besties]] heard some news about a new [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Commander]]. the High Houses gifted their very own [[Barry Bluejeans|lord commander]] to settle the tensions. they've come in clutch, one of [[Idyleshire]]'s best. Standing next to him is a stern figure much taller than [[Levi]]. 
-
[[Giddyan]]|[[Giddyan|Giddy]] and [[Maggie]] see [[Levi]] has put a very official document on the table. the document has two seals on it, a [[Elezen|Dravanian]] seal and a seal she doesn't recognise that's very ornate. 
-
[[Venneer|Venne]] and [[Lemm]] can tell this guy looks like he matches the resume. [[Venneer|Venne]]'s not too read up on current politics, he's probably been elected before [[Venneer|Venne]] even paid attention to this kind of stuff. the High Houses  of [[Idyleshire]]  don't tend to rotate out positions very often, he's too old for it to be a recent thing. It does seem a bit weird to be demoted from a high status to being sent off to [[Dravania]] . It's a very noble cause, helping [[Dravania]] , but not one of the high standing positions you'd want to be in. 
-
[[Giddyan|Giddy]] thinks there's something very familiar about this dude but he's not sure from where or what. this dude definitely knows who they are but he's trying to not make it obvious because [[Levi]] is here. He was paying SO much attention when they were talking about the crystals. 
-
[[Maggie]]  says they should have a look at the document as they're part of the Holy See, he interrupts [[Levi]] about to speak to say he's the new [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Commander]] of [[Dravania]]'s Melitia. May call him [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Bylethodon Denimsworth]]. [[Levi]] agrees, he's creme of the crop of [[Idyleshire]]. [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Bylethodon]] gestures to the paper, they're the new changes to the militia of course. it's not in the Holy See's purvue to worry about that. 
-
[[Maggie]] zips over and snatches it up. [[Levi]] says they can read it but it has to be put in the records when they're done. [[Maggie]] pulls on some glasses and starts reading, [[Venneer]]|[[Venneer|Venne]] reading over her shoulder. looooots of lawyer jargon she just doesn't understand, draconic and [[Elezen]], fine print for the fine print. premise of it is reforming the military, bringing back certain aspects and certain campaigns for the future. nothing that [[Dravania]]  wasn't really already doing before. there are mentions of [[Giants]] . it seems....lawful. 
-
[[Clarissa|Clari]]  addresses [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Bylethodon]] and he asks how to address all of them, it's unfortunate they've not met already. [[Clarissa|Clari]]  asks if they haven't actually already met. He side-eyes [[Levi]] and says no. 
-
[[Levi]] jumps between them, this is the perfect chance for them all to be [[0.- Besties|besties]], grabs them all in a hug. He's got some things to finalize, can he have the doc back. he looks over and says things have been going pretty good so far, he files it away with a few other scrolls. a few other scholars flock around him, and as he's talking they're getting the idea they're working to make [[Dravania]]  just as good as it was before. Nice, stable, normal, as if *nothing ever happened*. [[Levi]] darts off. 
-
They're left alone with [[Barry Bluejeans|Bylethodon]]. They stare at this man for a long time, he's wearing full [[Elezen|Dravanian]] [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Commander]] attire. 
-
[[Venneer|Venne]] asks what drew him to the position, its quite a shift from the High Houses to [[Dravania]] . He looks [[Venneer|Venne]] up and down, asks if he's also from [[Idyleshire]] , fully ignoring the question. He's glad to hear it, some normality here. 
-
He looks over at the rest of the group, they truly didn't learn their lesson from the library did they. [[Zion]]'s campaign is far from over. [[Maggie]] says he's asking as if he's going to win, like that's gonna happen. They turn their backs on [[Dravania]] for one moment, they never know what might slither in. unfortunate leaving children to run a country. Sadly enough, he doubts [[Ravan]] knows any better. 
-
Answering [[Venneer|Venne]]'s question - some changes in [[Idyleshire]] that have made him much more interested in this type of life. 'the [[Godseekers|Godseeker]] life?' - [[Clarissa|Clari]]. how much do they know about the [[Godseekers|Godseeker]] life, clearly not enough. 
-
He folds his hands behind his back and goes to look back at one of the [[Elezen|Dravanian]] banners, lifting it up to look at the old fashioned crest. He too is appointed with the Holy See amulet, proudly displayed on his chest. 
-
[[Clarissa|Clari]]  asks where he went after the Library debacle. he never left. he picks the amulet from [[Clarissa|Clari]]'s hair and asks what she knows of how [[Dravania]] 's government should work. puts the amulet on the table. [[Dravania]]'s people INCLUDES the [[Giants]], they should be governing to keep all of them safe. Of course [[Clarissa|Clari]]  would think that, as a *[[fey]]*. [[Idyleshire]] has been weakened over the years by granting sympathy to the [[fey]], no wonder The Calamity is finally pushing in. the [[Fey]] enter their lands and The Calamity follows suit. it's the only explanation. 
-
He calls over someone and a [[Dragoon]] in full armour enters. Asks him to escort the [[0.- Besties|Besties]] out. he has much to discuss with [[Levi]] and he doesn't want these hooligans getting in the way. 
-
[[Clarissa|Clari]] snatches up her symbol, they're just as much a part of the Holy See as he is. He asks what portion of government she oversees then. she can't answer. 
-
[[Dragoon]] places a spear between them all and the [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Commander]], through his helmet his eyes look very concerned. 
-
[[Clarissa|Clari]] can tell this [[Dragoon]] is [[Cas|Castrium]], dead giveaway by the broken horn. the look of concern is very much for them. 
-
This isn't about [[Dravania]] or even [[Idyleshire]]. 'Where did you idiots put that soul crystal.' sure the Holy See are storing these crystals *somewhere* Lord [[Zion]] would benefit greatly from that information, he gives a sharp smile. 
-
[[Levi]] comes back in, very chipper, says [[Venneer|Venne]] has a Holy See symbol. check his back pocket. [[Venneer|Venne]] pulls out the symbol, awkwardly thanks [[Levi]] who says there's supposed to be five of them, wonder what happened to the last guy. 
-
[[Levi]] came to say something but can't remember, [[Barry Bluejeans|Bylethodon]] nudges him about [[The Highlands]]. [[Levi]] bops about pulling out some papers, and ushers them to take a seat. [[Idyleshire]]  is going to help [[Dravania]]  get back into gear after beign shaken up so hard, like forming up a strong militia at [[the highlands]] for [[Idyleshire]] to access as technically that area is theirs if you read the fine print. 
-
[[Clarissa|Clari]] asks if the [[Giants]] are still filtering in, should they really be giving that area up. [[Levi]] says they have been but he's heard lots of reports from the artisan district of violence in the streets by the [[Giants]]. he hates to say it, but just when he thinks the [[Giants]] are okay violence breaks out. they're blinded by rage and he doesn't know what's wrong. [[Venneer|Venne]] says so you're going to judge them just because you don't understand their actions (feels very uppity about the whole race being condemned so sweepingly). 
-
there was a war with the [[Giants]] and [[Levi]]'s father had a distaste for music. they banned music and song, pushing it out into [[the highlands]]. that's why the [[Giants]] are out in [[the highlands]]. before [[Levi]], he used to rule all of [[Dravania]] , this was all of his territory, he wasn't a [[Gods|god]] just a [[Dragon]]. He wants to avoid as much conflict as he can, the militia is there to keep the peace. the [[0.- Besties|Besties]] violently disagree with this approach. they're going to come in regardless, he doesn't know what to do. the [[0.- Besties|Besties]] can maybe take a treaty, a peace agreement on his behalf. he was trying to do that before, that sounds good, he hopes it works. if they're going to go that far they'll need someone to escort them. [[Giddyan|Giddy]] says not [[Barry Bluejeans|Bylethodon]]. 
-
[[Levi]] says this is exactly why he appointed the [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Commander]], to keep the Holy See Safe. [[Clarissa|Clari]] can heal us, we can keep ourselves safe. [[Levi]] says he's going to accompany them anyway just to be safe. they're the Holy See, they have to work together. they're welcome to stay for a while they don't have to set out right away. [[Levi]]'s been swamped with work, he's not left the Cathedral in a while, it's very important for him to connect with his people, he should leave more often. He says he'll connect with his people if they go with [[Barry Bluejeans|Denimsworth]] and his favourite [[Dragoon]] to [[the highlands]]. They say maybe he should stay to keep [[Levi]] safe. He's insulted at the implication he can't take care of himself, he's looked after [[Dravania]] for centuries. He starts to shift, looking more like his brother with red tones. 
-
[[Maggie]] apologises, they're not trying to speak down on him they're just used to being lone adventurers. he says they can't be lone adventurers anymore, they're running a country. His form shifts once more to look more like his mother. he is a [[Gods|god]], [[Levi]] is just a projection, behind it he is [[Ravan]], [[Gods|God]] of [[Dravania]] . He dismisses them politely, says thank you for what they do. they can contact him via prayer, if they need him. he's not all knowing but he is all seeing - sometimes, when he's looking. He'd really like to find a peaceful resolution to this situation, pointedly looks at [[Barry Bluejeans|Bylethodon]]. He agrees, of course, the point of the militia is to use it as little as possible after all. 
-
a bunch of nuns and scholars come in to escort them to their own personal quarters, it's *not jail*. they can stay as long as they want until they leave. they get nice rooms, monastary-like. 
-
stopping us before we go, [[Levi]] says while they're at it they should brush up on [[Elezen|Dravanian]] governing processes. things need tending to like money and agriculture. [[Clarissa]]|[[Clarissa|Clari]] asks where they can find this sort of information. he says it all got jumbled when the cathedral was messed up a few months ago. He goes back to his mountains of paperwork. [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Bylethodon]] [[Barry Bluejeans|Denimsworth]] goes to help him, watching us as we leave. he instructs the [[Dragoon]] to see us out. 
-
the door closes behind us all with a big thud. the other guards around aren't very interested in listening in on their conversation. [[Maggie]]  asks if [[Cas|Castrium]] is okay. he shakes his hair out as he pulls his helmet off. gives a big old saddened sigh. he didn't think he'd see them here so soon, they're the Holy See huh. that explains a lot. 
-
[[Maggie]]  asks how long that's been going on for, gestures to the room. only about three days. he left early, and apparently wasn't early enough by the time he got here he was already settled in and boom now here we are, apparently the Holy See. he asks why they don't just tell him things. [[Clarissa|Clari]]  says she's scared about how he's going to react. it could be way worse. It already is way worse, there's a [[Godseekers|Godseeker]] here, [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Bylethodon]] [[Barry Bluejeans|Denimsworth]]|[[Barry Bluejeans|Bylethodon]]. theGodseekers want to kill the [[gods]], sever their connection to the material plane. 
-
Casis baffled a [[Godseekers|Godseeker]] is now alone with a [[Gods|god]] in a locked room. he won't do anything right now, they don't work like that. Caswill at least be with them on the journey, he can help in any way he's able to given his position. 
-
[[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Bylethodon]] [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Commander]] technically higher ranked because he *has* a rank, they haven't divvied up the duties as of yet. Who the fuck gave them these positions. it's a long story. best thing they can do until they head out tomorrow morning since the [[Giants]]  come out at night they dont want to encounter them. 
-
He looks over at [[Giddyan]] and asks where he got his armour, it's [[Dragoon]] armour. He bought it. the best thing they can do right now is look for clues, proof the [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Commander]] is a [[Godseekers|Godseeker]], have a look for documents around the cathedral that can give them the gist of how the Holy See works. 
-
they head to a beautifully set up room with enough beds for all of them. 
-
they fished [[Barry Bluejeans]] out of the [[Godseekers|Godseeker]] cave, [[Clarissa|Clari]] taught him pattycake. how the turn tables. they went to the library, and found a book [[Estinien]] left them with a big [[Zion]] spidermap of all the positions of power. 
-
[[Giddyan]] is lying face down on one of the lovely beds. [[Clarissa|Clari]]  asks how much they told [[Levi|Levian]] about their jobs, because [[Levi]] knows [[Gillian]]'s name. he knows they work for Prof. [[Gillian]], where [[Gillian]] is, he knows everything about what's going on. He knows so much about the F.A.C and where they are is because a piece of his soul crystal is literally in the F.A.C. 
-
one of us need to distract [[Barry Bluejeans|Bylethodon]], speak to lord [[Levi|Levian]] alone. he seems to really believe in him though, [[Clarissa|Clari]]  says thats exactly what they DO, they make you BELIEVE, why do you think im not a [[CLERIC]] anymoreee!
-
[[Venneer|Venne]] says they need to earn [[Levi]]'s trust, show him they can do the work and be active parts of the Holy See and then he may trust them over the [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Commander]] who has so far proven himself capable and willing to help. 
-
[[Giddyan]] and [[Clarissa|Clari]]  go hunting for government ruling books, and they wander around a bit. it's intimidating its ceiling are so high. not until they find themselves peeking around in the War Room. it's being currently used for documentation and peace treaties. they notice the shelves go allll the way up to the ceiling. there's maps everywhere, multiple versions of maps trying to chart The Calamity, scholars wandering around trying to chart the next calamity spread. 
-
[[Clarissa|Clari]]  goes to ask one of them for assistance, a dragonborn. Ravanneeds others to see for him, he's not omnipotent, the Holy See only has the [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Commander]], it's all he can see right now. he pulls out a book with a portrait on the cover of a man they might have seen before. 'all good things must start at the beginning' to know what is to come we must know our past, what we are built on, the pillars and the sand stretching out to the jade sea. this book is of particular importance. 
-
he stares at [[Giddyan]] for a good long while, asks how he's in [[Dravania]], way in the past in the beginning when did he get here why. [[Dwarves]] are from [[the Highlands]], they didn't move south they moved west, why is he down in these parts, how did he escape. [[Giddyan]] doesn't want to talk about it. 
-
the books are full of records of how things were done, isn't just how to for dummies. the really big portrait one, is one of the first 'saints' of [[Dravania]], appointed first [[Archbishop]], Sir Bastian. He hunted dragons, ate their eyes, royally pissed off the dragons. this book is how he founded [[Dravania]], the beginning as the scholar mentioned. 
-
they head back to the room, and find [[Lemm]], [[Maggie]]  and [[Venneer]] have DIPPED. They settle down to read the books, [[Giddyan]] VERY reluctantly. 
-
[[Lemm]], [[Venneer|Venne]] and [[Maggie]]  decide to do some poking around to get the lay of the land, see how the gears work. there is a LOT of artwork, statues and history all over the walls, all over everywhere. [[5.- Artifacts|relics]] aren't presented for the public, but [[Lemm]] recalls a certain someone was able to get a certain [[5.- Artifacts|relic]]  for him for doing some sneaking himself. just a matter of getting ahold of him. 
-
the art as they move into the main portion of the cathedral, the figures become much more comprehensible, becoming more ornate and [[Elezen|Dravanian]] and saint-like. as they go down the hall there's a statue for Ryu| Saint Ryu, and an empty space right next to it. 
-
there are paintings of a certain [[Elezen]] man leading a militia of other [[Elezen]] in full clad armour, they seem to be going in consecutive order of paintings, perfecting the art and craft of hunting dragons. they have specialised knights called Dragoons that would leap into the skies and strike down even the mightiest of dragons. this man would take the eyes of dragons and consume them, and it would grant his people incredible power to take down more immortal beasts like dragons and [[Giants]] . the [[Giants]]  saw them doing this and tried to bring them down. big war, big bloodshed. alas, the [[Elezen]] won. they took care of everything, purified everything, and now everything is the way it is all lovely and perfect, no dragons, [[Archbishop]] ruling over everything. next to the [[Archbishop]] is a Saint, and under the saint is a table of knights in a circle convening together. 
-
looking at the saints here, every saint that has a statue is dead. what strikes him as a little odd, two saints look very familiar to how Ravanshifted in that room. Sir Ryu looked a lot like the first form [[Levi]] turned to, the other one more motherly is the saint before Ryu ([[levi]]'s brother and mother are dead). One of these statues looks very familiar to the one standing beside the [[Archbishop]], but it's kind of hard to gather. 
-
there's a thing [[Lemm]] can do, he can sense the past history of objects if we can look after his body while he checks. He asks which one should start with. [[Venneer]]|[[Venneer|Venne]] suggests the eye eating painting. [[Lemm]] finds himself staring off into a ruin. it's scattered with bodies of dragons, [[Giants]] , unicorns and all sorts of borderline [[fey]]/immortal beings. all of their eyes are gorged out horrifically. 
-
the dragons regard their leader as Sir Bastian, standing on a mighty [[dragon]] with one of its eyes gorged out. the biggest [[dragon]] they've ever seen, bigger than the cathedral. they look down at this [[dragon]] and proclaim to them, a chance at true immortality. this ties in with the other memory they saw when they struck the vial of [[Ravan]]'s memory(?) but from the other point of view. striking a deal with [[Ravan]], offering followers to raise him into godhood. Ravanaccepted, got *pranked*, followers being pulled out from under him, strung up in the cathedral, blood being drained to feed [[elezen]] in [[Dravania]] to give them power. [[Lemm]] Jerks awake, almost knocking over several statues. 
-
Next object: Sir Ryu's statue. very well known for founding the modernised military in [[New Dravania]] , the scholarly system. he made a lot of changes. he was [[Levi]] when he was younger and alive. Ryu was his older brother, set a lot of expectations, but Ryu was destined to die at the hands of the [[Archbishop]]. the Soul Crystals of Ravanwould be put into these saints and in a large ceremony, the [[Archbishop]] would try to use these children as vessels for [[Ravan]]. all failed, no living thing can be a vessel for a [[Gods|god]], there's too much power. it happened to [[Levi]], [[Devendra]], and in this memory it's about to happen to Ryu. it didn't happen too long ago, [[Lemm]] can see the previous [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Commander]] with Ryu, leading him where he needs to go. the [[Barry Bluejeans|lord commander]] was Myriad, [[Lemm]] knows from [[Cas|Castrium]]. there's some Mayo between [[Cas|Castrium]] and Myriad. Eventually they break off, there's a little concern in Myriad's face - he knows how this is going to end, everyone knows how this is going to end. He turns around when his hand is met with another's. for that brief moment he doesn't look so afraid anymore. [[Lemm]] crashes out of the memory. 
-
they were trying to get a vessel for [[Ravan]], the [[0.- Besties|Besties]] know why. (wasn't mentioned) they return to the bedroom and find [[Giddyan]] burrriiiieeed in his book. 
-
info is shared between the groups. [[Clarissa|Clari]]  considers praying to [[Ravan]], though she's not sure how his prayers work are they put on speaker or what. 
-
night has descended. looking out the window, there's nothing but a sea of clouds with the occasional airship cresting through. [[Venneer|Venne]] is sat at the window like a loser with their binoculars calling out details of the airships that make him excited. Lemme understands none of it but is intrigued by them, would like to learn more about them. 
-
[[Giddyan]] wants to head out without the [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Commander]], or at least suss out the city, maybe speak to some [[Giants]]  - he doesn't believe anything they've been told about them. it's pretty late in the evening, we don't have much time to wander around. 
-
[[Giddyan]] and [[Maggie]]  will dip out and do some exploring. [[Lemm]], [[Clarissa|Clari]]  and [[Venneer|Venne]] will stay behind, it'll be more suss if we all dip. the trio head towards the little chapel were [[Clarissa|Clari]]  found a book. dont want to split further in case they encounter [[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]] on their own. They hear a voice speaking, a lone speaker, Lord [[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]], speaking on one end of the chapel and [[Varian]]  sat on the other end of the chapel trying to ignore him. 
-
they hide against the wall so they can't be seen and [[Clarissa|Clari]]  sends a quick prayer to [[Levi|Levian]], asks to meet at the chapel to talk. [[Clarissa|Clari]]  enters the chapel, [[Venneer|Venne]] tries to stop her. [[Levi]] isn't there, despite [[Clarissa|Clari]]  having heard him say oh hello guys. 
-
[[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]] didnt expect her to be the religious type. she used to be, she thought she'd try to get back into it. 'interesting, too bad it'll only be temporary'. 
-
[[Zion]] is still trying to force [[Varian]]  to worship him. would be so much easier for everyone, but this thing is *quite* stubborn. progress can't be stopped. 
-
[[Clarissa|Clari]]  asks what the point of progress is if it hurts someone. 
-
all the candles that have been lit, the banner of the old fashioned [[New Dravania]]n symbol of the [[dragon]]. 
-
[[Clarissa|Clari]]  asks for the space so she can pray, he says of course he's got other things to do afterall. [[Clarissa|Clari]]  steps in between [[Varian]]  and [[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]]. [[Clarissa|Clari]]  tries to contact [[Levi]] again. [[Levi]] asks where the rest of the [[0.- Besties|Besties]] are, some of them have dipped. he doesn't think they'll make it to [[the highlands]] this time. 
-
[[Giddyan]]|[[Giddyan|Giddy]] and [[Maggie]]  are out and about in [[New Dravania]]. they head towards [[the highlands]] so they're easier to find by the [[Giants]] . 
-
Dragons and [[Giants]]  didn't have [[gods]]. with all the [[Giants]]  being rounded up and hunted in [[Idyleshire]] , those [[Giants]]  looked to a higher power to help protect them, manifesting a new [[Gods|god]] - [[Scorn]], the chariot, flame aspected Aether, very popular in [[Idyleshire]] . 
-
[[Venneer|Venne]] is hearing all this stuff about red Aether, it starts to dawn on them that this Aether [[Idyleshire]]  can been collecting, it has to come from somewhere, it is sourced locally after all. he never knew it came from [[the highlands]], he would go with [[Daniel]] Montague|[[Daniel]] to a place in [[Idyleshire]]  with a big machine, pick up the shipment and go back to the lab. 
-
the cathedral crew clear out, [[Varian]]  included, to go and help [[Giddyan|Giddy]] and [[Maggie]] . The city is crawling with slow roaming [[Giants]] , all lights turned off, doors locked. people are hiding, they're used to this.
-
[[Varian]]  squints at the scene, it feels familiar to him. The same thing happened in [[Willowfey]]. a [[Giants|giant]] slowly walks by where we're hiding in the stables, unnoticed. [[Crunch]] is there, kneels down to offer us to join him. Scamper up onto [[Crunch]]. 
-
[[Crunch]] duck and covers, darting through the streets. a few [[Giants]]  start to notice us as he dashes towards [[Giddyan]]. one [[Giants|giant]] readies its club and takes a swing at [[Crunch]]. they start to swarm when the [[Giants|giant]] is hurt by [[Giddyan]], thinking [[Crunch]] did it. 
-
[[Crunch]] gathers the others and they bound off into [[the highlands]] at full speed. [[Venneer]] is holding on for dear life, face buried on the ground as he clings on, the others see an army of [[Giants]]  charging after them, out of [[New Dravania]]  and into [[the highlands]] as they pull them away, the sun has started to rise. 
-
After a few minutes [[Crunch]] starts to slow, and looking back the massive hoard of [[Giants]]  is being herded, looking closer, [[Venneer|Venne]] lifts his head relieved they've slowed, and spots people on horseback, organized in their movement, he recognizes those shiny uniforms from anywhere: [[Idyleshire]] 's famed soldiers rounding up these [[Giants]] . the moment the [[Giants]]  moved out into highland territory, they were being rounded up. they're hauled into carts, nets, cages, screaming and rattling and fighting each other as they try to break free. 
-
[[Crunch]] refuses to move, [[Clarissa|Clari]]  jumps off and tries to run back, but they're already almost finished rounding them up. [[Venneer]]|[[Venneer|Venne]] is glitching out so badly. the last cart is hauled away just as they make it there. 
-
[[Maggie]]  and the others say they should look for evidence of this happening to take back to [[New Dravania]] . [[Venneer|Venne]] explodes, this was [[Levi]]'s plan the entire time, the [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Commander]] did everything he wanted him to. He couldn't stop the [[Giants]]  so he made the [[Giants]]  [[Idyleshire]] 's problem. the problem has been handled. disbelief, but eventually it's accepted. Fury throughout the entire crew. 
-
they return to New [[Dravania]]  to demand answers. 
-
heading to the heart of the cathedral, they're instantly met with the spears of Dragoons. they cross right in front of them. before them is Lord [[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]] himself. he says we were the ones to bring the [[Giants]]  in weren't we. to kill him, kill [[Levi|Levian]]. 
-
[[Cas|Castrium]] is amongst the [[Dragoon]]'s encircling us and pointing spears. 
-
how unfortunate our prays are going unanswered, as if [[Gods|god]] has ever cared. 
-
he can tell us where [[Levi]] is, he can take us to the High Houses  of [[Idyleshire]]  as ambassadors of [[New Dravania]] , in return for the vessel ([[Varian]] ). we either let the [[Giants]]  or the dragons die. 
-
He calls the Dragoons mindless numbskulls. [[Cas|Castrium]] shifts awkwardly but continued holding his spear. [[Clarissa|Clari]]  says why is he even in the Holy See if he disrespects the people like this. He says they're broken after what [[Levi|Levian]] had done to their homeland, and the [[0.- Besties|Besties]] are the ones that caused it. 
-
[[Varian]]  looks very uncertain, darting around, looks very ashamed. he's been putting this off for so long he may as well turn himself in. 
-
he calls the previous [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Commander]] a spineless runt, starts to go on an endless rant about how weak he was, always knew underneath there was always something he was hiding. [[Cas|Castrium]] LUNGES at him and stabs him in the abdomen. the instant he's stabbed, in an erupted chorus chaos breaks out as Dragoons swarm in. 
-
[[Maggie]]  plants the [[Godseekers|Godseeker]] mask on [[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]]'s face, clicking it right on and robbing him at the same time. [[Cas|Castrium]] is fighting for his life, [[Clarissa|Clari]]  calls Dwayne to assist him. 
-
they grab hold of [[Cas|Castrium]] and they all boooook itttt down the hall nd out the cathedral. [[Crunch]] is fighting for his life as well, surrounded by Dragoons who are scared of him but trying to push him back. they clamber up onto [[Crunch]] and cruise the fuck ooouuuttttt.
-
Myriad died to The Calamity, [[Cas|Castrium]] couldn't save him in time, he was working for money to get medicine  but it wasn't enough. 
-
Myriad would take the Dragoons and lead them to [[the highlands]] to fight against the [[Giants]] , because all they knew was [[Giants]]  bad because the [[Archbishop]] said so and was crazy. because that campaign failed, [[Cas|Castrium]] lost his horn to [[Giddyan]]|[[Giddyan|Giddy]]. Because of this, Myriad got demoted, was sent to the Brune, got sick from The Calamity, and died of it. 
