---
tags: Notes/Courtney
---

[[Cas|Castrium]] desperately wants to stay in [[Dravania]] despite what he's just done and the fact he's now a criminal of the state. 
-
we're not being followed anymore, [[Crunch]] charged off into the city and is trying to navigate through as quickly as possible. 
-
was the Brun destroyed, or can the [[0.- Besties|Besties]] use it to hide? [[Clarissa]] says she thinks it was cleaned up, we can head in that direction at least. [[Crunch]] squeezes into an alleyway, butt sticking out, nothing suspicious here. 
-
S.S. Bunch is still parked on the edge of [[Dravania]]. 
-
[[Clarissa]] asks if [[Cas|Castrium]] thinks we should head to the Brun, and he's still freaking out, there has to be somewhere to hide, someone who will help. He asks for [[Crunch]] to stop so he can hop off and in full bloody [[Dragoon]] armour, he dashes off, asking us not to leave without him. 
-
[[Giddyan]] doesn't want to send [[Crunch]] home in case he gets hurt, they'll follow [[Cas|Castrium]]|[[Cas]] at a bit of a distance with [[Crunch]]. 
-
[[Cas|Castrium]] is knocking, pleading for help across the doors in the street but no one i opening up, they're too scared. 
-
[[Maggie]] hears a window close from a little bit ahead, but other than that sees no other action in the street. 
-
Near where [[Crunch]] and [[Giddyan]] are, [[Maggie]] starts looking for an abandoned basement 
-
[[Maggie]] can see the lights of a tavern, from deep within the inside to not attract the attention of anyone. [[Cas|Castrium]] can hear everyone around him trying to communicate, and he looks over at [[Lemm]] to see who he's talking to. [[Lemm]] says he [[0.- Besties|Besties]] may have found somewhere to hide. [[Cas|Castrium]] charges off back towards the [[0.- Besties|Besties]], surprised they've found something already. 
-
[[Giddyan]] stays outside, not wanting to leave [[Crunch]] on his own, he's too big to fit in with them. 
-
the door to the tavern was stuck slightly but [[Cas|Castrium]] pushes right through it. 
-
In [[Dravania]] they dont use a lot of the tech used in [[Willowfey]] and [[Idyleshire]], everything in the tavern is lit up by simple candlelight. the room is filled with [[Elezen|Dravanians]] and [[giants]] who are mutually huddling in this space, trying to keep safe. they look over at the group as they come in from the cold and a few [[Elezen|Dravanians]] rush to them thinking they've been attacked by the [[giants]]. 
-
the [[giants]] in the room sideeye each other when they hear they were attacked by [[giants]], and [[Maggie]] rushes to reassure them that they know something is wrong, they dont hold it against them. 
-
a lot of people are taking sanctuary in here having got caught out too late to get home, a few soldiers off duty that have no idea what is going on in the capital, a few [[giants]] speaking with [[Elezen|Dravanians]], a little bit of peace going on here as people share food and bedrolls. 
-
the kitchen is bustling, the brewster is doing his thing. 
-
[[Maggie]] suggests they find some bedrolls and something to clean up with as [[Cas|Castrium]]|[[Cas]] is covered in blood. he sits down heavily in his seat, head in hands. 
-
they try and console [[Cas|Castrium]], [[Maggie]] pulling out her disguise kit assisted by [[Venneer|Venne]]'s random tinkering tools to try and make his armour look not quite so...[[Dragoon]]-ish. 
-
a [[Elezen|Dravanian]] approaches with some bedrolls and supplies for them all. she asks if we're alright, if we got in a fight with the [[giants]] out there. she didn't expect it to be quite this dangerous. Her husband died fighting the [[giants]], looking over to everyone talking with the [[giants]]. And here we are trying to break bread with them. [[Maggie]] gently criticises this view, and she agrees, then goes to bring us hot chocolate. 
-
[[Clarissa]] really wants to go and free the [[giants]], [[Maggie]] is hesitant about leaving [[Dravania]] in case what happened with the [[giants]] happens again, it won't end well for the people here. 
-
the lady very gently puts a hand on [[Cas|Castrium]]'s shoulder. they say her husband walks [[Ravan]]'s halls, and so do the rest of the unit. he mulls it over, and says he was told the same (about Myriad), maybe it was supposed to be a comfort but each time he comes here he cries, but he cant stay away because he can't bear to forget. the duty of the Holy See is to guide the populace into disregarding the past in favour of the future: 'bury the past and look to the future'. the holy see is trying to cover everything up, bury the past and look to the future 'forgive and forget' for their past crimes. 
-
we all start getting very dizzy, [[Clarissa]] stands to go see if [[Giddyan]] is okay and she stumbles. something is wrong. The woman brushes her hand over [[Cas|Castrium]]'s shoulder and [[Clarissa]] catches sight of her face as her vision dims. As we try to move, we also fall from our chairs. the lady kneels down, and to [[Maggie]] she puts her hand on her head, patting it very motherly-like, but her expression is the absolute opposite. 
-
the last thing [[Maggie]] hears 'this was never your fight'
-
outside [[Giddyan]] is with [[Crunch]]. [[Crunch]] is just happy to be vibing with [[Giddyan]], and it's not until a good 45 mins pass that he can hear some sort of shuffling from inside. chairs being moved, big footsteps of [[giants]]. He peeks through the door and notices the room pretty much empty except for the party all on the ground. 
-
He's annoyed they decided to take a nap while we're wanted criminals on the run. He tries to wake folks up by shaking them violently. [[Clarissa]] and [[Lemm]] are woken, [[Maggie]] is dead to the world. 
-
I MISSED SOMETHING
-
[[Clarissa|Clari]] turns into a mouse and sneaks out the back door into the alley. the lady is now preaching to all the people gathered around an area that looks like it was being set up for some kind of ceremony, tapestries and draperies all torn and vandalized. she's standing beneath one of the spires but it's high up enough she can stand on a balcony for her voice to carry. behind her was a tapestry that had the original [[Elezen|Dravanian]] and [[Giants|Giant]] crest, probably woven by someone in the artisan district, but it too has been vandalized. [[Clarissa]] can recognize the woman. one of the people from back when they first revisited [[Dravania]], shouting int he streets. 
-
[[Clarissa]] toddles back over to the party to let them know that in the back alley the preaching is happening. [[Lemm]] casts invisibility on the group. [[Clarissa]] zips off to get on the stage, and [[Lemm]] checks in on her via [[0.- Besties|bestie]] bracelet. 
-
[[Clarissa]] activates her Radar, catches a backdoor open, becomes rat and goes there to check whatsup

stolen notes:

-   Something was set up there clearly to preach, but all got torn down, theres people LOTS of people THAT LADY IS THERE PREACHING attracting attention from everyone, people peeking thru the windows, behind the lady is a tapestry with the original [[Elezen|Dravanian]] and [[Giants|Giant]] crest, woven by artisans there, but it got torn down (vandalized), [[Clarissa]] recognises the lady as one of the people back when we first revisited [[Dravania]]
    
-   Ok invisible time, going upstage
    
-   .[[Venneer|VENEER]] [[CAS]] POV
    
-   [[Venneer|Veneer]] hears the people on the crowd talking between eachother, very angry, he can resonate with what they are saying. One man looking at the crowd “ARE WE THE ONLY ONES WITH COURAGE TO OPPOSE THIS MADNESS” another “THEY THINK ONLY ABOUT THE PEACE [[RAVAN]] OFFERS THEY ARE FOOLS I SEE THE [[Giants|GIANT]] THAT KILLED MY BROTHER IN MY DREAMS I WILL NOT REST UNTIL I SEE HIM BROKEN” ok they are being hatersss. People angry dont care about the past stuff they angry because Holy See (whoopsie) and [[Ravan]] havent granted them closure.
    
-   Nvm [[Venneer|veneer]] died in real life
    
-   That heart broken lady isnt the same woman, she’s filled with revenge and anger, and she cries out from the balcony. People arent full on board some are unsure, the [[giants]] here look very confused about everything, they seem more peaceful. The lady from above cries “HEAR ME DO NOT BE FOOLED BY THE WORDS OF THE HOLY SEE THE PEACE THEY OFFER IS A PRELUDE FOR SLAUGHTER REMEMBER YOUR HUSBANDS WIVES AND KIDS TORN APART SHOWN NO MERCY, DOES YOUR HEART CRY OUT FOR VENGEANCE? REMEMBER THE FACE OF YOUR ENEMY AND STRIKE BACK”
    
-   Some people are like ayo more violence aint the answer but it gets lost in the crowd
    
-   [[Clarissa|Clari]] unmouses, stands a bit behind the woman, whispers “this is exactly what [[Idyleshire]] wants you to do”
    
-   [[GIANTS]] DO HAVE THE NECK THINGIE THE ANGRY ONES HAD the [[giants]] own thing ok its just vibes, the [[giants]] half of the crest
    
-   [[Clarissa]] trying to hit that charm person
    
-   NVM LADY ROLLED A 20 DEAR GOD 
    
-   Lady feels [[Clarissa]], gets jumpscared almost falls, [[Clarissa|Clari]] grabs her
    
-   Man in the crowd telling [[Cas]] to do something, mans is scared and cannot see us so he readies his spear
    
-   Everything is getting worse by the second there are no marbles anymore
    
-   [[Maggie]] casts Darkness and shakes [[Cas]] like a magic 8 ball, the lady screams
    
-   The spear hits her arm, she screams out and tries to force her wrist out of [[Clarissa]]’s hand
    
-   No more Invisible time
    
-   Lady thinks [[Clarissa|Clari]] stabbed her, she’s basically telling everyone that the Holy See is very very bad
    
-   “I SPIT ON YOUR CHOICES HOLY SEE, YOU WILL TAKE NO MORE FROM ME” and she falls
    
-   She is on the ground
    
-   [[Clarissa|Clari]] went down to cure wounds her 
    
-   We got onstage to start preaching
    
-   Gotta silence the crowd lets goo
    
-   Ok so [[scorn]] is calling upon the [[giants]] to come save him cause he is trapped in Idyllshire
    
-   [[Scorn]] will not be stopped will all have been lain waste
    
-   [[Giants]] also don't like being controlled by [[Scorn]]
    
-   [[Giants]] are immortal, we do not need a [[Gods|god]] to lead us, we are our own [[gods]].
    
-   They avoid being controlled by ignoring the Giantsong
    
-   “If only there was another song” THE DRAGONSONG THE SONG OF BALANCE THE DIARY OF A WIMPY KID MOMENT
    
-   Music has been banned from [[Dravania]]
    
-   Dont remember the lyrics word for word, gotta ask a [[dragon]] somehow
    
-   Get everyone to pray together, receive struggle from [[Ravan]] himself in response
    
-   Hear [[Ravan]]’s voice, no trace of [[Levi]], just pure wrath, “THEY HAVE MY BROTHER”, chains, a nullified “twang”
    
-   Everyone rallying up to pull up to the cathedral
    
-   People of [[Dravania]] offering to assist the [[0.- Besties|Besties]].
    
-   SO MCUH SO [[0.- Besties|BESTIES]] LEVEL UP
    
-   Ok we are gathering some info
    
-   OK worstie [[Barry Bluejeans|Bluejean]] still has ser [[Levi|levian]] locked up
    
-   OK lord bastion ate eyes to become more powerful, when he died, his body was unable to decompose
    
-   [[Barry Bluejeans|Barold Blue Jeans]] is looking for Ser Bastions Body cause its technically a [[5.- Artifacts|relic]]
    
-   GET LITTLE DWAYNE BACK


