---
tags: Notes/Courtney
---
# Ep 4 Summary
Government wants peace but fuck peace the [[giants]] killed our people. they took the Holy See as brushing all the lives lost under the rug, justice wasn't served. 
during their speech they learned the [[giants]] dont like being controlled by [[scorn]] but [[scorn]] wont stop till shit is fucked up, but he's trapped in. 
How [[scorn]] came to be: the [[giants]] didn't have a proper [[Gods|god]] but their anger manifested one. just like the dragons they were being hunted and looked to a higher power. the dragons and [[giants]] and higher creatures like that are immortal (can live for eternity as long as they're not killed). the [[elezen]] of the west were offering to spare [[Ravan]], to make him a [[Gods|god]] (whoops). all the dragons were wiped out, [[Ravan]] ascended and had his eyes plucked out, and everything went to shit. the [[giants]] on the otherhand were still being hunted, they weren't offered some bargain, they didn't want one anyway because they saw what happened to [[Ravan]]. So, they manifested one, in [[Scorn]]. [[Scorn]] is captured, kept somewhere in [[Idyleshire]] and [[Ravan]] is fucking FURIOUSSSS ABOUT ITT. [[Ravan]] didn't know about the plan with the [[giants]]. 
they sent the rock servant Little Dwayne on a scouting mission to the cathedral. 
# 5.
- We're in the artisan district, surrounded by goldsmiths and blacksmiths and armourers, a few [[giants]] helping to haul large equipment. Folks are rallied to take action. THIS SONG IS IMPORTANT. 
- [[Cas|Castrium]] has been trying to help us into [[Dragoon]] armour. [[Maggie]]'s plan: send all of these people who have no idea how to fight, to storm it in a big riot while we crash land from the ceiling. 
- we're all getting kitted out in [[Dragoon]] armour (level 1) 
- [[Lemm]] is this weird chicken with a bunch of spikes on. 
- [[Cas]] says flight cannot save you from a [[Dragoon]]. 
- the goldsmith from before is leaning against one of the massive barrels, talking to a few people, music is playing within a smaller crowd, can't see who is playing exactly. [[Lemm]] peers through the crowd and he notices a man - someone he knows from Crescentvale: Joxster. Moomin-esque. a wooden marionette. He's strumming away but instead of where strings would be, there are dreamcatcher circles and the strings are twisting in all sorts of angles as he plucks at them. Somehow he's here in [[Dravania]]. totally not a [[fey]], totally not a toy. strings fade from his limbs into nothingness. 
- from what [[Lemm]] can tell, he's sharing a story like a bard would. Approaching him, [[Lemm]] can see some people are clapping along. a few younger folks are trying to play along on their own instruments. 
- Joxster is very excited to see [[Lemm]]. he asks where the others are, what brought him to *looks down at watch* [[Dravania]]. he's here catching some dreams. he strums at the banjo. he's been hearing a lot of stories lately about what's been going on with something called the Holy See, it attracted him right away.
- he doesn't have to rely on places like Crescentvale for dreams, we can make our own, can inspire dreams in people. He's heard stories of great heroes wandering in and out of [[Dravania]] and he wants to tell their stories. 
- [[Maggie]] and [[Venneer|Venne]] stumble over after battling with putting on their armour. 
- [[Maggie]] pulls out her glass panflute and when she plays it Joxster collapses as if his strings have all been cut. all of his pieces rattle and be springs back up, the strings try and untangle around him. 
- He sits down on his stool, and a [[Elezen|Dravanian]] who was next to him who reminds him he was trying to sing a specific song. Delighted to be reminded, he declares yes he made up this song, he definitely didn't steal it. BIG WINK. He rocks back and forth, chair back on 2 legs strumming away at his banjo. He is saying something that sounds a little familiar, the story in the lyrics at least. 
- [[Maggie]] recognises the song: -  Children of the land do you hear Echoes of truths that once rang clear But flames that burned full bright soon fell dark Memories dimmed by shadowed hearts In the waxing gloom Did wane the brother's moon Watching as their worlds drift apart. Children of the land answer this: Why must you turn to empty bliss, Tell me why break trust, Why turn the past to dust Seeking solace in the abyss Tell me why create A circle none can break Why must you let go The life you were bestowed This I fear I'll never know. 
- the commotion has caught the attention of a few more people. the Goldsmith from earlier is one of them, in his brushed down apron, waves down [[Venneer]], asks if he's still interested in that custom order. 
- a [[Elezen|dravanian]] kid who has taken a lot of inspiration from Joxster runs by and asks what we go by, as great Heroes what name should he use to tell our tales. 
- He's baffled we're called the [[0.- Besties|besties]], [[Venneer|Venne]] says he's new he didn't get any say in it. 
- Some folks are nervous, some excited. we were able to hype them up but seeing we're nervous they're now nervous. 
- [[Cas]] comes over, hands on hips. 
- Cant transform because his horn was stolen - [[0.- Besties|besties]] know where it is, [[Giddyan|Giddy]] has it. [[Cas]] explains that a lot of the [[Elezen|dravanians]] magic essence is stored in their horns that allows them to transform into their [[dragon]] forms. 
- [[Maggie]] offers a sleeping draught from the lady. SLEEPING BOMBS. he only runs into the goldsmith, and an alchemist. 
- [[Venneer|Venne]] can only make one massive sleep bomb from the vial [[maggie]] has. 
- Smoke bombs, sleep bomb, shields. 
- The goldsmith and the alchemist are baffled, he's working on things so beyond them. the baker offers him a loaf of bread. 
- 3 smoke bombs, half a vial of sleeping draught. he can extract some of the powder to make this sleeping bomb work. 
- [[lemm]] offers a bag of sand - LIQUID GLASS BOMB. 
- [[maggie]] offers ballbearings, perfect for projectiles especially in bomb form. 
- the [[giants]] rip out some doors to create a good shield to keep the townspeople safe, [[Venneer|Venne]] won't be able to pick direction of projectiles, people will need to be covered. 
- the [[giants]] say they're very big, they have big weapons, they can help. 
- VICTORYYYY IT WORRKKSS PERFECTLLYYYYY  NAT20 BOMBBB. an almost spark of a flame swirls around it, sparkling and magical, it looks as if it is almost alive like a beating heart. 
- [[Venneer|Venne]] takes a gander at the dust he was using for this monstrosity: it coats [[Venneer|Venne]]'s hands a little, like a red powdery clay. Smoke, glass sleep bomb that fires two bullets. 
- [[Cas|Castrium]] is trying to lead some people who have crafted makeshift spears, a few nobles from refined houses have children who were trained to be knights. they're aware of what's going on, they're dressed in makeshift armour and training with [[Cas|Castrium]] as he leads them through maouvres. he's still not sure exactly the plan at hand, he knows we'll cause a distraction, and he'll lead us into the cathedral as well. He looks to [[Maggie]], when it comes to being a [[dragoon]], it's all about being light on your feet, [[Maggie]] definitely knows something about that. 
- [[Giddyan|Giddy]] wakes up and scares [[Cas|Castrium]]. 
- [[Cas|Castrium]] tries to teach us [[Dragoon]] jumps. [[Giddyan|Giddy]] goes along with the training for a little bit, and feels a nudge at his heel: DWWAAYYYNNE!
- Little Dwayne holds up a letter he made for [[Giddyan|Giddy]]. HE CAN WRITE! He's very posh british apparently. the cathedral is currently quite overwhelmed with [[Dragoon]]. no longer are they wielding spears, they're wielding some other type of weapon, and they come in droves, surrounding the central floor of the cathedral and the staircase and surrounding courtyard. even the nuns and scholars are not permitted in the premises, they were kicked out or arrested. 
- no sign of the [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Commander]], and he's very concerned for their friend [[Ravan]]. 
- [[Cas]] will push the people as far as we can go, then the [[giants]] can form a barricade between the people and the [[Dragoon]] who are wielding unknown weapons. the weapons are sharp, long, made of metal, held over their shoulders, sometimes strapped to their backs. 
- From afar, they begin to hear a massive roar from the cathedral shaking the ground, everything rumbles and cracks, startling some of the people around us. a man yells from afar, the final chorus is upon us. 
- TIME TO GOOOOOOO. 
- [[Maggie]] asks if we're taking down [[Dragoon]] or going right for the [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Commander]]? [[Venneer|Venne]] says the [[Dragoon]] are following orders, if we take the [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Commander]] down they won't have orders. (hehe, as if most of the [[dragoon]] aren't [[Godseekers]] too lol)
- Everyone gathers their supplies, people are getting riled up once more as they storm out of the district. some of the people begin to follow, rushing right behind the [[giants]]. 
- [[CRUNCH]] HAS HIS OWN [[DRAGOON]] ARMOUR. 
- everyone climbs on [[Crunch]], he very carefully walks along with the crowd. [[Cas]] is with [[Giddyan|Giddy]] at the head of [[Crunch]]. he asks if [[Giddyan|Giddy]] is ready for this. YES. 
- We've got horns, we've got wings, all we have to do is scale the entire back of the cathedral, make it to the central heart, pierce through the ceiling (no longer glass, doesn't know why they did that SUSS), make our way down into the heart. 
- through the noble district, we see people lingering in the streets who didn't quite catch what the fuck is up, they also join in, some shift into a full draconic form - not as big as [[Crunch]], lesser dragons - roaring and filling the sky with flames. 
- the Dragoons see this hoard is descending on the cathedral. they hold their ground, holding their weapons, preparing. the dragons hit first, holding their shields to make a nice blockade for everyone. 
- [[Crunch]] picks up speed, faster, faster, *faster*
- the dragons rush in alongside us, roaring and fire, all of a sudden the [[dragon]] beside us blood smacks us after a loud blast. they drop dead. 
- [[Venneer|Venne]] sees GUN BLADES. EXACTLY what he was worried about. 
- Another shot, strikes [[crunch]] in the armour. [[Venneer|Venne]] yells shields up, distance weapons. 
- [[Giddyan|Giddy]] to lead the charge. Its only after he notices the militia taking a few big hits that he instructs them shields up, push forward. some of the [[giants]] push past [[Crunch]]. they take the big war hammers and sweep at the Dragoons below the cathedral. 
- Dragoons shoot out nets, trying to capture the [[giants]], and wielding their sword blades in a more melee fashion, sweeping at the claws of the dragons. the group we've rallied needs some form of advantage. 
- [[Venneer|Venne]] YEETS the bomb into the centre of the conflict. everyone around stops and looks at it, [[dragoon]] and commoner alike, none quite sure what to do. the [[giants]] rally back some of the people, shields up. dragoons are very confused, still rushing in as a chance to attack. [[Crunch]] sees this as BALL. AAAAAAAA
- [[Giddyan|Giddy]] dominates beast and THANKFULLY STOPS [[CRUNCH]]. magical golden reigns manifest into [[Giddyan|Giddy]]'s hands and he does a full on swerve with [[Crunch]] leading away from this fuckin MASSIVE EXPLOSION. 
- [[Venneer]] flew too close to the sun, took a CHUNK of damage. 
- [[Crunch]] barrels forward, only to hit a cliff edge and he squeaks to a stop. looking up, there's a sheer wall of the cathedral, massive spiralling towers built upon each other. wouldn't want to fall from this height. looking below, we don't see much of anything but ocean and clouds. 
- [[Venneer|Venne]]'s Dive DC: 11
- [[Cas]] shows us how its done, purple haloes enveloping him before he SHOOTS OFF, yeeting himself into the sky, piercing his spear into the side wall and using it as momentum. 
- [[Crunch]] seeing the cool jumps does one of his own and punts them all into the sky. 
- [[Maggie]] and [[Venneer|Venne]] manage to duplicate this move but [[Giddyan|Giddy]] and [[Lemm]] go SAILING into the air in the wrong direction. [[Venneer|Venne]] pulls out his whip and grabs hold of [[Lemm]], but while [[Maggie]] grabs [[Giddyan|Giddy]] with her rope, it begins to fray. Frantically she pulls out her levitate scroll, drops is and it bonks [[Giddyan|Giddy]] in the head as he plummets through the air. it glows, dissipates, and Levitate is cast upon him. He's a little bit behind everyone else, it gives him time to secure himself to the wall. 
- gaining our bearings, a few armoured dragons are circling the cathedral, guard dragons. One of them spots us and dives sharply towards us. 
- [[Maggie]] does some sick flips, shooting it with bolts of the grave. the [[dragon]] slams into the side of the building, stumbling momentarily giving us time to keep bouncing up. 
- [[Cas|Castrium]] grabs [[maggie]]'s arm so she doesn't fall to her death. We can see the peak of the Cathedral, [[venneer]] looks down and sees how far away [[crunch]] is, losing his footing for a brief moment before scrabbling back on. 
- [[Lemm]] completely loses his footing, and [[Venneer|Venne]] tries to snap his whip to grab him but accidentally smacks him in the eye with the tip of the whip (FUCK ROLLED A 2!!) [[Giddyan|Giddy]] sents his rope down for [[Lemm]] to grab and JUST snaps it with his beak. [[Giddyan|Giddy]] reels him in like a fish. 
- [[Cas]] from above yells what the fuck are you doing [[Lemm]]!! unintelligible noises in response as he cant talk without letting go.  
- the [[dragon]] pierces through the heavens, reaching for us. [[Venneer|Venne]] casts firebolt, no time to grab his firebugs so casts it straight, first time he's not used his items to cast with. 
- [[Maggie]] clings on to the wall, helping everyone up. she can hear from within the sanctum a deep roaring, shouting, fighting. 
- the dome itself is metal. [[Lemm]] can see through walls, once he's up he uses Ghostly Gaze to look through and see what the fuck is up in there. 
- from what [[Lemm]] can see, through the fog, a massive beast chained down by something with a sigil over their face, roaring and clawing for freedom. Lord [[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]], as a slew of [[Dragoon]] try and protect a big stone coffin, and [[Varian]] fighting for his damn life amidst armies of [[Dragoon]], [[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]] shouting KILL HIM. 
- [[Maggie]] pulls out her golden crane scissors, and cuts right through the metal, holding the metal so it doesn't fall through and alert them to us. 
- throw the metal aside, bonks the attacking [[dragon]] in the head. 
- [[Cas|Castrium]] tries to convince them to make an attack with our spears, using the Dive DC, crashing right down into the cathedral. We lock in with our spears, meteoring down into the cathedral, surrounded by those purple rings. [[Dragoon]] are flung back as we create a crater in the Holy See table, piercing it in half, a huge shockwave. more [[Dragoon]] begin to surround us. 
- INSERT ROLL20 MAPPPPP
- around us, [[Dragoon]] of all shapes and sizes, spears pointed at us. [[Varian]] looking at us with panic, glad we've come back but concerned. 
- there is a coffin, and from the coffin two eyes phase through it, and Lord [[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]] standing before [[Ravan]], chained down like a caged animal. 
- FUCKING [[Barry Bluejeans|BYLETH]]. he says we've already lost, we're too late. 
- the [[dragoon]] cup the eyes, holding them up. they have what they came for. 
- [[Venneer|Venne]] casts fireball, and as it strikes the area it singes the eyes. [[Ravan]] gives a bellowing roar - they're his eyes. 
- [[Cas|Castrium]] yells out, almost familiar to his sister, you dont deserve to stand where he stood. 
- everything [[Venneer|Venne]] has done has been to help, all [[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]] has done has caused pain. 
- You're not freeing people, you're putting them in a different jail. It's not him who is set to care for [[Halune]], that job goes to Lord [[Zion]]. 
- Sir Bastian feared the immortal beings it became his downfall, he sought to make mankind just as powerful with the eyes of [[Ravan]] that are being held up over the casket, to give mankind a leverage so to speak. He's not going to eat them, we've made his job infinitely easier, we brought him the vessel. 
- [[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]] reaches out for the eyes. [[Ravan]] screaming they have his brother, crying out for his brother. 
- the eyes levitate above his palms. with these they can finally bring [[dravania]] back to what it once was, purged, clean and pure of beasts. he thanks us for being here for this glorious communion. 
- [[Lemm]] casts evard's black tentacles. sand covers the ground, he raises his wings, and says a single word in deep speech: Rise. 
- a shape rises from the sand, dry and wriggling and gross. massive worm with hundreds of churning teeth, slowly consuming the [[dragoon]] before it. others see this as the [[dragoon]] vanishes, and they begin to vanish, spears pounted towards the [[0.- Besties|besties]]. [[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]] is panicking, yelling for the eyes to be taken. 
- another shape takes out another [[dragoon]], the sand is crawling up [[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]]'s legs as he tries to move upwards, yelling 
- [[Venneer|Venne]] feels a pain in his back shoulderblade, MASSIVE DAMAGE. [[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]] fired a shot at [[Venneer|Venne]], he stumbled off the coffin and tumbled into the stand. [[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]] curses the filthy [[fey]]. [[Venneer|Venne]] fails his save in the sand, and the last of his life is sapped away. 
- [[Maggie]] has mercy and gives him a healing potion. 
- the eyes are taking damage as [[Giddyan|Giddy]] is attacking one, [[Ravan]] roaring louder behind us. 
- the glyphs binding [[Ravan]] are familiar to [[Giddyan|Giddy]]. 
- [[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]] is wearing very similar gloves to what [[Estinien]] had, he is the one controlling the chains and glyph holding [[Levi]] down. 
- [[Ravan]] says to [[Giddyan|Giddy]], even through his pain - i have trusted man with my vulnerability, and while i lay beaten my faith in mankind never waivered, i still want to believe not all mortals are singleminded for i wish to walk amongst men, to see and to know, help me to understand, children of the land, for you are the only sight i have. 
- the eyes glow in full radiating lustre. the dragoons let go of the eyes, they tumble down to the casket once more. the eyes start sinking back into the casket. 
- the whole cathedral rumbles and quakes, and we begin to lose our footing. 
- the casket radiates a dark icy flame. [[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]] laughs maniacally and reaches out to the casket, trying with his might to reach to reach the casket with even the tip of his finger, [[Venneer|Venne]] casts Wall of Fire trying to stop this, but he just stumples into the casket making full contact. he is consumed by the casket. 
- a pillar of dark energy shoots from the casket, we're met with a blast of force pushing us all back to the entrance. a figure takes shape before [[Ravan]]. 
- Sir Bastian rises, absolutely mcfuckin massive. 
- the dragoons look lifeless as they too begin to glow with that red energy similar to the sigil covering Sir Bastian's face. 
- [[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]] and his knights used [[ravan]]'s eyes to bring back sir bastian, not as himself but as a [[Gods|god]]. feeding off the fear and belief of [[Dravania]]. these dragoons tempered in every way imaginable. 
- we can barely get our footing. 
- [[Venneer|Venne]] starts humming the Joxster song awkwardly, nervous and self-soothing. 
- 'i shall bury you and your beliefs' he takes his sword and lowers it onto us all. 
- the dragoons around us are channelling that energy, their bodies breaking as their bodies are used as Vessels. the energy moves towards a single centre, the whole place around us glows white as a holy choir floods our heads, blinds out eyes, numbs the senses for a quick moment. 
- for a moment, everything is dead silent. 
- everything begins to clear, and as all the rubble settles, we can see around us is a shield of force in a faint icy blue light. everything else is completely and utterly destroyed, the Cathedral is in pieces. somehow we're still standing. that sword brought down upon us is right above us, still trying to crack into the shield. 
- THE FUCKING ATTACKS COMBINING, FORMING LITTLE SIGILS LIKE THE [[DRAGOON]] RINGS, PIERCING THRU THE PRIMAL’S NECK AS THEY STUMBLE BACK, THE SWORD IS PUSHED OFF WITH [[VARIAN]]’S ARMS OF HADAR AS [[VENNEER]] GOES FOR A BANISHMENT
- [[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]] raises his fists, trying to bring them down on the forcefield, but [[Venneer|Venne]]'s Banishment eats him alive. the antithesis of the furious, dismal energy beautiful riotous [[feywild]] flowers appear from the ground, crawling up his legs, and as they do his legs disappear, then his thighs, until he's swallowed whole by [[feywild]] energy. 
- riotous greenery erupts throughout the entire cathedral, the remains of the building overtaken by greenery. 
- [[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]] lies unmoving on the floor, [[Ravan]] has been freed. 
- [[Venneer|Venne]] drops to his knees, not believing for a second that would actually work. 
- [[Giddyan|Giddy]] goes to [[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]]'s form, taking a swing at his prone form. 
- [[Maggie]] and [[Lemm]] try to treat [[Ravan]], in this form he is a full true [[dragon]] no longer looking like [[Levi]] but they have the same memories and everything as [[Levi]]. 
- He very gently rests his head near [[Maggie]], [[Lemm]] and [[Venneer]]. there's an indent on his head where his soul crystal should be. the crystal itself is currently at [[Giddyan]]'s. 
- a little bit after we have a moment to breath, the cathedral door opens, and a being steps out, accompanied by one, two big guys. FUCKING [[GODSEEKERS]] AND [[Godseekers|GODSEEKER]] SPIDERS. 
- no idea who they are or where they've come from. 
- they're staring past [[varian]] towards [[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]] whose mask is shattered. she stands before us, very quiet. at least we made her life a bit easier. now move. she approaches [[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]]'s body. you're lucky we didn't have to send for lord [[zion]] to retrieve you. this has been a waste of all our time here. she lifts [[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]] by the back of the cloak. [[Giddyan|Giddy]] SWEARS he cut his head off, but the moment the cloak covers him it's fully attached once more and he gains consciousness. He starts begging, we still have time, they need to bring this to the high houses, there's still work to do. 
- she turns to [[Giddyan|Giddy]], you can have your way with him if you wish, we have no use for this man anymore. 
- she says [[Venneer]] is going with her, he works for [[Cannon Jonesy|Jonesy]] Canon now, there has been a change of plans. 
- WHAT HAPPENED TO DANIELLLL. 
- [[Venneer|Venne]] demands to know what's happened to [[Daniel]]. [[Daniel]] is in Idylshire at Tilted Towers with ZAK-iel with lord [[Zion]] and the rest of them. [[Venneer|Venne]]'s management, Canon Jones has a plan to take down ZAK-iel using her lord as bait. using [[DANIEL]] as bait. 
- Canon is a good inventor, not a good planner. she says it must run in the family.
- the [[Giants|giant]] spiders MONCH on [[Barry Bluejeans|Byleth]]'s corpse. 
- Zakiel was originally a mech in the collection of garrison, in a panic he stuck a soul crystal of an unknown [[Gods|god]] into one of the mechs and it OBLITERATED the person inside the mech, and the mech became a make-shift artificial vessel sort of like [[varian]] but something isn't right with the mech. there's been talks of the [[godseekers]] beign in [[Idyleshire]]. Zakiel, according to operator 2-10 said zakiel is at tilted towers, the Jones incorporated residence, and from the bits we've gathered [[Daniel]] is also being held there alongside [[Estinien]]. He originally captured [[Daniel]] and took him there but now something is UP. now the [[godseekers]] are dealing with the flame-aspected aether, they're much more serious, they have code names, they have guns. all because of one man who stepped a little further than he should have. 
- she is escorted out with her spiders, eating all evidence of their tech so no one can have access to it but them. 
- [[Cas|Castrium]] and [[Varian]] are leaning on each other to stand, the others are now very concerned about the people of [[Dravania]]. they leave the Cathedral and see no sign of 2-10 anywhere, sneaky bastards. 
- we do see a blinding bright light of the day ahead, its about midday. Walking out onto the stairs we see hundreds of people and [[giants]] trying to help each other up after this whole commotion. a lot of dragoons and innocents were caught in the explosion. even though the [[giants]] protected as many as they could, people were still caught in the blow. the fighting is over, we have one. 
- this is the first time [[Venneer|Venne]] has physically seen a negative fallout from one of his inventions, feeling big guilt, he goes to help as much as he can. when people see them emerging victorious, they crowd cheers. 
- the top of the cathedral has been blown off, yet again. 
- [[Ravan]] comes out with them, slowly and carefully. He is the last remaining true [[Dragon]], and seeing their [[Gods|god]] lives another day they rush to the [[0.- Besties|Besties]] and [[Ravan]], lifting them up and cheering and relieved, so very grateful. 
- [[Lemm]] tells [[Venneer]] they gotta take the W when they can. 
- [[Maggie]] hypes up [[Cas|Castrium]] to be next [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Commander]], his loyalty and fierceness to protect the people of [[Dravania]]. he deserves to stand where other lord commanders have. 
- he feels a little ashamed to be put in the same spot as Myriad, he doesn't believe anyone can take his place, but he's also lifted up alongside us, and he's praised as the new [[Barry Bluejeans|Lord Commander]]. 
- he thanks the [[0.- Besties|besties]], they believed in [[Dravania]] when no one else did, they had no reason to why did they. 
- He wraps his arms around the crew in a big hug. 
- the [[giants]] begin to approach [[ravan]], seeing each other as equals. they start speaking a language none of them can quite comprehend. 
- some time passes as people pick up the pieces and start to celebrate. a few days later we're in the artisan district once more, where the lady preached. [[Ravan]] is now here with a few of the [[giants]]. [[Giddyan|Giddy]] has also been brought up to help translate. we're in the crowds as [[Ravan]] explains to his people that while the past cant be mended, it cant be buried and forget the harm that has been done on either side. we can only work together for a brighter tomorrow. 
- everyone is happy about this but also a little weary, there is a rift here that may never be mended between the [[giants]] and the dragons, but at least now with confidence [[Dravania]] can say the giantsong war has ended in peace. 
- we all go to the shawarma place to recover. 
- the banner that we saw torn at the woman's preaching. it's no fully repaired with the completed symbol of the [[dragon]] and [[Giants|giant]]. it's unfortunate the scar man has caused upon our people. My brother believes that we have become far too naive, dragonkind a pale reflection of what it once was, tainted by the mortal blood of man, my brother sees us as weak, held captive by man rather than the other way around. 
- who is to say who is right or wrong. 
- LONG REST BOYYYSS
- [[Venneer|Venne]], seeing this peace he wishes he could have for himself, takes a moment to write a letter that he may actually address this time. [[Giddyan|Giddy]] takes a moment to speak with his [[Giants|Giant]] mentor. [[Lemm]] is concerned this isn't the end, that this is going to come back and bite us in the ass. [[Maggie]] is wigged out by all of this, everyone is losing their shit is she supposed to be the sane one now. [[Clarissa|Clari]] usually takes the sane banner, she'll try to keep everyone on a healthy schedule make sure they're eating and getting to bed on time. a very awkward big sister babysitter vibe. 
- there's a strained silence between [[Varian]] and [[Lemm]]. a silence where [[Lemm]] knows he did something wrong. [[Lemm]] looks extremely sorry. 
- [[Maggie]] thanks [[Moondog]] for making sure she didn't fall to her death, she's afraid of heights and that whole thing was HELLISH. the shawarma tastes a little better. 
- The [[0.- Besties|Besties]] have come back to save a friend. they didn't have to save him, the soul crystal is secured, but a [[0.- Besties|bestie]] doesn't leave a [[0.- Besties|bestie]] behind. 
- They're no longer the holy see, no cathedral, just people living their lives. they'll figure it out, and they sure dont need the [[0.- Besties|besties]] to do so for them. 
- they've secured two and a half soul crystals. [[varian]] is not on the side of either the [[godseekers]] or the FAC, there's [[Scorn]], and whatever is in ZAK-iel. they're great at their jobs. 
- they'll help [[Venneer|Venne]] save his friend, and stop [[Giddyan|Giddy]]'s dad who is terrorizing folks. He's [[Daniel]]'s mentor, technically [[Venneer]]'s if he thinks about it. He refuses to think about it, though. 
- Koi is putting a bunch of lore in the Obsidian notes. 